Fun day trip
Had a blast riding the moto bikes around the island, bring all your documentation, drivers license etc.
Udo island
Best nature, fresh air and photographic views. Easy to go there, and local travel expenses are so low (if you use public transportation  like bus and ship). You should rent a bike and explore freely the whole island.
Great fun- rent one of the little electric cars.
We had a fine time on Udo Island, where we rented one of the funny little electric cars and were able to see most of the island. It's better to arrive earlier in the day then we did, so you can spend time enjoying that Charming Island. Another highlight was feeding the seagulls with chips you can buy for $2 on the ferry.
Udo island 🌴
It has good scenery on the water there is a bus tour that took you all around the island and they have crystal clear beaches.
Fun Day Trip
What a fun little island! Exploring the island on a motorized bike/trike was an awesome experience. To rent the trikes an international class A drivers license is needed (US Military living in Korea can use your ID card and Korean drivers license). No license is needed for the motorized 2-wheeled bikes. This is the easiest way to travel the island making frequent stops to see the scenery or stop at one of the many cafes or restaurants. We saw tour busses, and a few regular cars, but seems like the majority of visitors chose the motorized trike to see the island. The ferry from Seongsan Port on Jeju to  Cheonjin Port on Udo runs every 30 minutes and the ride was about 15 minutes. There was an air-conditioned room on the upper deck but it was floor seating only. It is possible to see the whole island in a few hours.
Nice day trip
Udo, which means cow island because of its shape, has been a popular island trip from the island of Jeju.  Taking about three to four hour to circle on an electric bike, it’s a great day trip (there are plenty of lodgings for those who want to stay longer).  With only a handful of full size cars on its road, it’s a fantastic place to ride a bike around.  Also, for a small island, the amount of dining and cafe options are impressive. Just going around to sample some cafes and restaurants can easily fill up a full day on Udo.  As the island is famous for peanuts, there are lots of peanut flavored products available ranging from ice cream to makgeolli (Korean traditional wine).
Scenic Udo Island
lot of things to do in the island!  No matter you want to eat the Hallasan Fried Rice with a complimentary funny cooking show or walk around and enjoy the scenery
Lots of beaches
We took a taxi from our hotel in Jeju City, which took about an hour, to the Ferry Terminal. It was pretty easy to buy the ticket. Once we got to the island, it wasn't really clear what to do, so we followed everyone to a small building that was selling bus tour tickets. We didn't get the bus we wanted, though they both seem to just drive around the island and you can hop on and off. We found out later that we could have rented a little tricycle moped. We enjoyed ourselves. Worth the trip.
Amazing Island
we went here early morning but already have a lot of visitor. The ferry very convenient, when you in ferry terminal, remember need to fill up a form (like immigration) total 2 sheets and need to keep it because need to check when you return. around 20 mins will be arrive. Udo is very big and beautiful Island, have a lot of local culture and you can spend at least half day to visit. Trips: Although have a lot of restaurants but the price have a little bit higher.
Winter time very cold
The island is beautiful, yet very cold especially in winter time. We aimed for halla rice and peanut ice cream. Just the shop near the port has peanut ice cream (not just putting nuts on that!). We used the sightseeing bus and by foot to travel around the island.
Crowded island
If you are travelling with small kids, i suggest to drive a car into the island. (They allow car to enter the island if having kids below 6 years old), really regret that we park our car at the multi storey parking, with all the high hope to rent a electric scooter (the one with 3 wheels)The electric scooter is strictly for 2 person only (they dont allow 2 adult + 1 baby too)Only those with Class A international license allow to rent the electric scooter (i am a Class B international license holder (allowed to drive car only)If you plan to travel the island by bus, it will waste lots of time on queueing and waiting for the bus. The bus driver will not explain any tourist spot in english, so you will have a hard time to decide which is the good spot to get down from the bus.Overall the island has nothing special with we are not allow to ride the electric scooter and generally the island is too crowded with tourist.
Relax trip @ Udo
we rent the bicycle for island sightseeing.It was fun, relax and enjoy. The food was delicious, peanut ice cream was good.
Nice island
But too overcrowded by visitors even at September! :)Possible to rent bicycle or scooter (electric or usual) or quadro-unit and make your trip around the island (but you need actual international driver license with correct category!).It's big enough for walkers.Very small and narrow road all around island - be very, very, very careful as main part of drivers are young people with very little experience of driving and winds in their heads (sorry, but true!) :)
Family Day Trip
Beautiful coastal scenery and  transportation is very accommodating and flexible. Various stop worth staying for pictures taking.
Must go and try the motor biking
A very pretty island which u must go.We rented the motor biking which do not request you to have a driving licence.You can have close connection with the natural environment and the whole experience is amazing. Peanut ice cream is also another must try item there
Romantic Getaway to Peanut Paradise!
Udo Island is one of the most beautiful places on earth. The island is surrounded by charming beaches and coastline. Just felt that a day trip here is not enough. Be sure to try its delicious peanut ice cream, peanut smoothie and peanut pizza! You can also rent a tuk tuk like tricycle around the island. A must visit indeed! :)
Just average at best
So we saw great reviews and some great pictures online. Thought this was a must see place. To be fair, the island has some real potential to be fantastic, however it was a hot August day, it was getting very crowded.Highlights:- some really nice sights to take in and you can tour the whole island in about 4hrs (including stops along the way)- one let we went for a walk and ran into some people camping. Very pleasant and offered us coffee. We hadn’t encountered too many people willing to go out of their way, so was a nice touch. - took a high speed boat ride around the cliff that looks like the cow laying down (hence the name cow island). That was great and worth the 30k KRW for two adults.Low points:- way too much garbage around. Just about every beautiful sight is ruined by plastic bottles and litter. - a lot of areas were closed like it was low season (or maybe we were just early in the day)- lots people standing around endlessly. Got a little frustrating at times. Advice if you do go:- we took the bus. It was good, but we were on a bus schedule. If I did it again, I would have rented a small electric vehicle (which needs an international driving license to rent). Not sure if the cost, but they looked fun and you control your own timeline then.
Was fantastic...now it’s terrible. Never! ever!
In short, you will be walking/driving with chaotic buses, motor cycles, bicycles, walkers & rental cars in single lane. Terrible visit.
Awesome day trip
We took the ferry at around 9:30am. 15 min rides and we are there. Since we did not have our international driving license, we can only rent the electric tandem bicycle which was great for the kids.Cycling around the island is around 12km. Just go with the flow and stop at leisure for peanut ice cream.Must stop plave for lunch is ha ha Ho Ho Cafe famed for the burger. The best burger we ever had.We ended our bicycle trip at around 2pm and managed to catch the 2:30pm ferry back.
풍경이 정말 멋졌습니다. The view is too nice!
Tripadvisor 후기정말, 제가 제주도에 가면 항상 들리는 곳이 바로 우도인데요.뭐 소가 누워있는 모양을 하고 있어 소 우 자를 써서 우도라고 이름을 지었다고 하더라구요?그런데, 우도 바다가 정말 멋집니다.우도에서 직접 키운 땅콩으로 만든 땅콩아이스크림은 명물이고 맛집인 ‘호로락’ 에서 먹었던 보말칼국수와 게우볶음밥도 맛났습니다.마지막으로 제가 1년에 한번씩은 가는 ‘사빈백사’. 여긴 정말 , 산호 부서진 돌로 된 바닷가인데발은 좀 아프지만 멋집니다. 사진은 찍으면 그냥 바로 카카오톡 프사감, 인스타그램 프사감 입니다.사빈백사에서 바닷가를 바라보면 쨍쨍한 햇볕이 바닷물에 비춰서 정말 멋진 장관을 이루는데, 꼭 보기를 바랍니다. 아, 그리고 사빈백사는 버스 기사님 말로는 물이 빠지면 안예쁘다 하셨는데저는 그 말 반대입니다.밀물이던 썰물이던 정말 전부 다 예쁩니다.같이 있으면 행복한 사람 혹은 사람들과 즐거운 여행 되세요!When i try to travel Jeju, there is one place where i always go. It is “u-do”.U-do means ‘the shape of laying down cow’.U-do’s sea is very nice. It has a very beautiful view.And then in U-do, many shops sell u-do peanuts icecream. It is so delicious becaus peanuts was grown in U-do. That ice cream is so famous.And this time, i went to one restaurant, nemed “hororak”. In there i ate “bomal-kalkuksu” and “geu-bokkumbab”. they are traditional jeju food, so if you want to try, just order! You can taste original taste of Jeju.And finally, my pic is “sabin-beksa”. This is a sea. But it is not normal beach, because the sand is made of coral. So if you take off your shoes there, you must feel so hurt with your foot, as i always feel. But i really recommend this beach because u have to see the scene of the sunshine shining in the sea.Ah, and this beach Whether it is tide or ebb, it is beautiful.
udo makes me more love to jeju
you can travel around udo for juz 1 day enjoy the scenery travel juz with bus . but ferry ticket at jetty for tourist u need passport when you buy the ticket.
Day Trip to A Beautiful Island
It's a beautiful island just 15mins ferry ride away from Jeju Island. Rented cars are not allowed to travel over so we parked our car at the terminal port in Seongsan. Upon arrival at the port in Udo, you will see a few shops just right infront of the port start promoting their offering on bike rentals. Standard rental is 2hrs (KRW 10,000 per pax) for a standard bicycle. So great to tour around and have the best seafood pot ever along the coastal. Peanut ice-cream is a must have, it is so good! We did not manage to visit any of the recommended sightseeing places due to short of time but we had a great time cycling around taking pictures, along with the beautiful weather. Definitely will return again.
Excellent one day trip
This is a beautiful island with beautiful beaches and scenaries. You can take the ferries and on the island you can hire a bike or take the round the island hop on bus.
Lively island
It took about 10 minutes to travel on a ferry to visit Udo (thanks to G map)!I decided to walked around the coastline after lunch on arrival.An interesting island with some public arts and you wouldn’t stop taking photos!It worth spending some time walking around! (A number of transportation options are available, such as bike, e-bike and bus)!
A great day trip
Udo island is a nice place to visit enroute to Seongsan llchulbong. The ferry ride took 30 mins to this scenic island made of volcanic rock. On the island there are abundance of seaside food eateries and cafe. Rent a motorized double-seated scooter to travel round the island.
Nature island
This nature island was very nice & the Day trip here was very good option, Biking around was memorable. It's a bit to book ferry round trip & need to check carefully if you don't want to miss it!
From big island to small island
Easily accessible via 15min ferry from Jeju Seongsanpo harbour, Udo is ideal for a short day trip or sorta those places in Korean dramas whereby couples miss the last ferry and have to wing it for the night). Anyways we made sure to check the ferry schedule. We had 2 hours and decided to walk instead of renting motorised vehicles (didn't have IDL), bicycles (too hot) or tourist hop-on-hop-off bus (too rushed). Other than tourists nearly running down pedestrians and into other vehicles, it's a nice place to explore & hike for nature lovers. Ferry return is a little pricey at ₩8500 but should be ok if staying over. We tried the peanut icecream but didn't think it was that great. Basically vanilla soft serve with sprinkled peanuts. Perhaps the wrong shop.
Beautiful, serene island
Come in the morning to avoid large crowds. The island is so peaceful - different from the Jeju mainland. A return ticket costs 8500W. You can see a lot of pension homes here. I rented a regular bike (10000W) and cycled around the island. The path was relatively easy with only very minimal inclination. It took me about 4-5 hours to cover the whole island, together with stops for photographs and visit to the lighthouse. I did not stop for any food though. By the time I left, which was about 2 pm, a large number of people started arriving. Also, parking at the Seongsanhang Port was 8000W, but I got a 50% discount (not so sure why).
UDO
Nice little island to spend the day. If your a foreigner bring your passport with you to buy your ferry ticket.on the island itself you can walk around but by far the most popular way is to rent a bike. Pedal or electric powered that can seat 2 people.You will need a drivers license for the electric one though. Cute little beaches around and you can stop off and try some of the peanut ice cream which Udo is famous for. Also you can hike up to Udo lighthouse and get a good view from the top and see most of the island. A good way to spend a day
Udo – nice, small island
In my opinion the best way to go around the island is a bicycle. About 16km. Took us 4h to make it, with stop in every single possible place, including a lunch brake, rest on a beach, etc. Most interesting for us were diving women, we had a chance to see at work in few places. Probably the island is crowded in a season. In May we had good time and enjoy the trip very much.
Lovely little island, perfect for a day visit from Jeju
I recommend riding the bicycle if the weather permits to enjoy the island fully! It took me about  about 3-4 hours (with picture stops) to complete the whole island and it was a very enjoyable and easy ride.
Udo Island
Nice Place to visit for a quick favor of what Jeju is like. However, the place is too commercialized and is expensive. Bus do not go to very single tourist location and you need to walk a fair bit.
Undo island! Woo!
It’s a small island but very popular! Very easy to get on the bus to go around the island! Very windy there! Recommend black beach and Cow’s head peak!
Decent day trip
We brought our hire car on the ferry over and stayed for about 3 hours. There is some nice scenery however it wasn't enough to justify staying for an entire day.
Udo Island
The day were there, there was a big festival going on and all forms of vehicle rentals were not allowed.  So it gave us time to walk and browse around the ferry terminal area.  Many delightful cafes.  Will go back to do the nature trails around the island.
Relaxing Day in Udo
We drove to Udo Island by taking the ferry from Seongsanpo Port.  We had to pay ferry charges for the car and the number of persons going to the island. We spent about  6 to 7 hours on the island. While we drove around the island, my daughter & friend rented each a bike when we reached Udo.  Scenery and the beaches in Udo Island are not as nice as in Jeju itself.  The fun parts were riding the e-scooter or bike around the small island, stopping by for the famous peanut ice cream and hiking the udobong peak.
Small and captivating island.
Strolling numbers of beaches in Udo or climb the peak of Udobong. Simply taste the peanut ice cream and hallabong ice cream from the various stall along the coastal lines. The local turban shell is a must try in Udo. Getting around is easy either by shuttle bus, ATV, bike ride or just a pair of feet is all you need.
Beautiful natural island, great seafood.
Spent 6 hr on the island with a car.Lots of things to see and do. Tasty fresh seafood everywhere.Easy drive on car ferry to island.
Udo
It is a must visit place if you are nature lovers. The beaches are so scenic. You could try many fresh seafood dishes. Eat at the icecream stalls overlooking the fields. Canola flowers are everywhere here in April
Mysterious and Beautiful Scenic Island
The island offer  you very scenic view. The Bus ride was fun, the driver is indeed funny. You have to try the famous peanut ice cream. We visit few cafes which is very instagramable.
Meh
All the reviews I read of Udo made it sound so beautiful and quaint but I found in reality it was actually rather anti-climactic. The sights don’t begin to compare to those on Jeju and while the island is quaint I didn’t find it endearing enough to justify the trip over. The peanut ice cream is worth trying though!
Great ferry ride to Udo
Nice getaway island. We drove to the passenger terminal, park our car and take the ferry. The ferry ride there was fantastic. We fed the seagulls flying around the boat. it was a spectacular view!To travel within the island, take a bus or pay for a bike..it is a covered bike really cute. Or you can ride a bicycle.We took the bus, need to pay 6k won. There is a ticket office for shuttle bus. Buses numbered k1,k2,k3,rtc..there were 4 stops.the first stop has many actuvities, cafes, restaurants.You can spend an hour or more here. Second stop is lighthouse so we stop too.   The 3rd and 4th stops are the beaches. We did  not get off the  bus  l
Awesome Little Island
If you have the opportunity to visit Jeju, please go to Udo Island.Even it is tiny little Island it has quite many things to explore.I learn to ride a horse, try the gu jeng ki (a green shel seafood) and met the hanyeo. The cliff view there also magnificent. I love the peanut dumplings.
Beautiful views in half a day
From the Jejusi bus terminal we took bus 201 to Udo. It took about 1 1/2 hours. Definitely download the app Naver to navigate your way around the island, as Google Maps does not have any results for public transportation. We spent 4 hours on the island. Ferry ride from the port is only about 15 minutes each way. Buying a ticket can be a little chaotic as there are no signs in English but we just held up 2 fingers for two passengers and were given 2 round-trip tickets. Upon arrival in Udo expect to be bombarded with shop owners yelling at you to rent bicycles, ebikes, motorcycles, or 3-wheeled cars (for 2 people). 2 people renting 2 ebikes for 4 hours cost us 40,000 won. Need int’l drivers license for the latter 2. I definitely recommend the ebike over the bicycle unless you really want to get strenuous exercise. Lots of hills and 11.4 km of trail to follow. Lots of little mini-towns where you can buy food, have coffee or peanut ice cream (recommend). Tons of photo opps so take your time. We finished in 3 hours, 40 mins (and my hubby wanted to stop A. LOT. Last ferry back to Jeju is at at 5 pm this time of year. Plan accordingly.
Worth the Visit
Very nice place for a day trip. Rented a quad bike for half a day at 30000 Won. Beautiful scenery and enjoyed the slow pace at the islands. Tasted their seafood ramyeon in one of the local restaurant. Would recommend to try if you happened to pass by.
Half day visit
After visiting the Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak, we proceeded to head to the ferry terminal for Udo Island. We were surprised we couldn’t get a cab during winter. Hence, we ended up walking to the ferry terminal instead.Note you need to show your passport and fill up a boarding form in order to take the ferry, at 30 mins interval. We took the 1400hr ferry. A 2-way ferry ticket costs 8,500 won. Upon arriving the island, one has the option of renting an electric scooter, manual bicycle or take the bus. For us, we took the round island bus. Bus fare is 5,00 won, which you can hop in and out at any attraction stops.  We headed to Udo-bond Peak stop and hiked up. Unfortunately, it was drizzling the whole day. We spent about an hour before returning to the ferry terminal.I suggest you allocate an entire day for Udo island. If the weather is fine, it is worthwhile to stop by all the attractions, enjoy the beach and food there.
Only Koreans get to ride the electric vehicles
Nice day trip to this island off an island. Nice food choices all round and you can take the hop on hop off bus if you aren’t able to rent the electric vehicles or bicyclesThe island is not too big but there are lots of things to occupy you for a day. Beaches, food, trails, speedboats, horse riding, atvs  etc
Udo :D
We crossed this area on our walk through the Olle trail. Very scenic place for a walk and enjoy the afternoon.
Great trip
I think the best way to enjoy the island is to rent the electric bike. We moved at our own pace and did many photo stops. There are many nice corners and colourful restaurants for photo taking. Great place!
Very Beautiful Island
Must visit place if u come to Jeju Island. I rent a bicycle, cycling & round the island. It will takes around 2-3 hours. It will getting easier to stop everywhere and snap the picture. I visited Udo Island end of March and it full with the Canola Flowers!!! Don't forget to try the nut ice cream too. There have a lots of stall and restaurant selling it!!
Udo Island
Had a great day out on Udo Island We got the bus from Jeju City bus terminal . It’s about 1hr 20 mins on the bus but the journey is really scenic so we quite enjoyed it. The ferry was really easy and quick Once we got onto the island we hired electric bikes to get around . These were great . We had 3 hours on the island to cycle around and have lunch - we should’ve hit there earlier in the day as would’ve had more time to explore, but overall, a great day out
Nice nice nice
Here really is a nice and beautiful place. Rent a bicycle to walk around the island during autumn is soooo good. Worth to visit it. I ate a sashimi bibimbap there, is fresh and yummy. 3 hours is not enough seriously, if you wanna go through the whole island, unless you ride your bicycle without stop, haha.
Beautiful Udo Island
A beautiful tiny island that is definitely worth a visit!Prepare a full day there. And get your International driving license ready to rent the mini scooters there which is a totally different experience!We ditch our rented car and never regretted. But do note that each scooter can probably take up to 2adults and a toddler max if u have kids. Bicycles are an alternative too.Start your morning early as it’s probably some drive to the port.
Beautiful island too bad the wind and rain
Most of the top hill is closed off due to rain and slippery incline so we were only able to visit the lower parts. Should try the peanut ice cream!
Calm and smooth
Had a half day to roam around this small island and i had an amazing time. There's a bus the goes around all tourist site so better to go there early in the morning to visit all. Catch a ferry from the harbour and believe me that this is good to find peace of mind and goal setting.
half day visit Udo
we tried to take bus and ferry ourselves to visit Udo. The weather on that day was very good, there were a lot of geographical scenes in Udo, beaches were beautiful, besides taking bus for seeing the whole island, take a walk along the seaside was also very good.  eating seafood in a famous restaurant, also tried the famous peanut ice cream of this island.
I love it
This island is 15min away from seongsan ferry terminal. You just have to fill in the passenger particular and show yourpassport. The island is full of atv for rent, do look out for the bus as the road are quite tight.  I shipped my car over at the price of 21000wonDo try their seafood ramen and peanut ice cream!
Practical tips
From our recent experience and what our driver/guide told us:(1) rental cars: totally not allowed in busy summer. We visited in October so his car was allowed to take us onto the island, and still it was very crowded with the scooters and the bus, after a two day closure due to the wind(2) bring your passports (or other ID): although we had a rental car and were not going to rent any scooter, we were still asked for the passports before we boarded the ferry(3) when you plan your itinerary, if Udo is a must for your trip, be ready to make flexible rearrangements due to weather. We had to change our hiking in Hallashan due to a two day closure of the ferry service because of the wind. Check your weather forecasts as you get close to your Udo visit. If you plan to stay there overnight, also ask for cancellation or delay policy.(4) snacks not to be missed: peanut ice cream and peanut rice wine (although I should say it's a snack!) peanuts are local on Udo Island(5) reserve a whole day or most of the day if you want to fully enjoy Udo.  Even we had a car, we found it quite rush with some time wasted on the traffic (and it was only October, not the busy summer!)(6) romantic?? The reviews below were quite right about the beep,beep, beep.......of the scooters and the bus so I guess if you really want a Romantic Udo, it's better to stay overnight and after all the day visitors are gone, I think you should be able to enjoy a serene starry sky (but we didn't stay I could only imagine....)Enjoy Udo!
Great!
We thoroughly enjoyed our day on Udo. We hired manual bikes and stopped at the little beached and cafes along the way. It was cold and really windy so I think it was quite quiet in terms of people compared to a normal day which is why I think we enjoyed it so much. The bigger beaches (especially the black sand beach at the end) are a terrible example of sympathetic tourism and are blights against the beautiful natural landscape. Blaring music, ugly buildings and structures detract from the stunning island itself. We chose to eat at a cute little cafe which had character and that was away from the others.
Beautiful and fun (but often busy)
I am a huge fan of Udo.  I have been numerous times and I never get tired of exploring a new road or a new cafe.At times it is soooo overrun by tourists that it can be a little overwhelming, but if you are smart and plan your trip during quiet times of the year, it is really rewarding.  The roads are quieter, the stores less busy.  There are numerous ways you can tour the island:I usually take my car.  I have heard that NO rental cars are allowed on Udo anymore.  so be aware of that.But once off the ferry there are so many scooter and electric bike shops* around.  *Foriegners be aware that you do need a license to rent these!ProTip:  I absolutely recommend you get off the beaten path and go explore the inner part of the island. So many cute cafes and splendid views!
Electric Scooterland!
Udo is like a big kids playground. You rent an electric scooter and scoot around this fun little island. We looped it in about an hour and a half, stopping for iced cream. The rental was 3 hours and so we explored the middle of the island off the beaten path. You cant really get lost and apple maps or navient works great (so does cell phone data). Some expert tips:Get the “Harley Davidson” 2 man bike.Its rain covered, and you wont get too hot like the enclosed units. Adjust the seat forward (lever under your leg) to free up some space behind your seat for your bagOnce you get your scooter, scoot scoot! Everyone follows the same clockwise loop around the island. Open that throttle and pass those dottling tourists. Udo Awaits!Use your horn, and folks let you pass. Beep Beep!Skip the first two big pulloffs where everyone stops. Its way too crowded and you may have to pay to park! Watch for the big bus! It runs opposite motorcycle traffic and takes up most of the narrow roadway. So dont drive in the middle of the motorway. The bus driver is very safe and watches for confused motorcyclists. It was very safe.Otherwise, beep beep, scoot scoot, and enjoy the Electric Scooterland of Udo!
Excellent view
The view on Udo myeon is excellent where can take a look of half of the island. But you better rent a car and drive there.
Must visit while in Jeju
Four of us rented an electric bicycle once arrived the island. It was a great way to tour UDO. The scenery was lovely and wished we could use our international driver license to rent the motor cycle bikes. The ferry ride across from the main island to UDO was pleasant. We only spent about 3 hours and do wish we have more time. We took lots of photos and surely we will come back next year when we return to South Korea.
Scooter ride in Udo Island
Use the city bus to the port, took me around 1h30mins from Jeju City. Bought the return ticket at kw8500/person. Rent a scooter near the port for kw25,000/2 hours. Beautiful ride with ocean scenery, due to time constraints, didn't manage to hike to light house. 2 hours is just nice to see udo with lunch and stop along the attractions. After udo can trek to sunrise peak and catch the women diver performance at 3pm. Just follow the olleh trail and you will be find.
Good workout?
A workout by renting bikes at port to ride around the whole island.  You get to see very different types of sand and beaches, you’ll better realize why they call it mini-jeju island.  The island’s famous peanuts have thin skin and not bitter as your typical peanut skins.  If you have elderly with you, there are golf carts for rent too!
Best part of Jeju
For most people, this place is kind of hard to reach because the public transportation in Jeju is not really comfortable. But if you rent a car, you really need to visit this place.You need to take ferry from the east part of Jeju Island. Inside of the island, you can borrow a bicycle to travel around the Udo Island. Don't miss the authentic ice cream of this island (see the pictures).
Fresh and Peace with beautiful landscape
I love the weather there. it is so fresh with cool breeze and fantastic landscape. it is such a great place for taking photo or filming.
Perfect Trip
Have your passport  and money for the Udo Ship ticket and you will take your glorious  time  on the Beach, in the cafes, just walking or riding around
Bike along the coastline
The most common way to get to Udo is by ferry. Just a reminder to bring your passport to get the ferry tickets. You may take your car on the ferry but I think it is unnecessary. There are a lot of tourists heading to Udo every day, you can rent a small car, electronic bikes or just bikes to get around the island. Our family went around, took some photos, ate peanut ice cream and ate more peanut ice cream. You can take really nice photos here but to be honest there is not really too much to do.
Best Place I Visited in Korea
Korea can feel very touristy and materialistic. Udo is the antidote to this. A beautiful, small island... with stone fences and perfectly kept fields of rye. Cute cafes and stone beaches. You can walk all over or cycle or drive your own rickshaw. Picturesque and less changed by tourism. I wished I had spend 2-3 days here instead of Jeju.
Good for relaxation, but not many things to do
Basicallu it's a small island, so we can walk / rent bicycle - motorcycle - small car / hop on bus to get around. Almost no activities. Just stop by here n there to take picture, buy ice cream, dine, etc. If you just want to relax and embrace the beautiful nature around, this is a good place. Our family rent bicycle 10.000 won per bicycle. It took us 4 hours to go around the island slowly.
Very touristy
We had high expectations of Udo, having read many great reviews. It turned out to be very touristy - lots of commercial establishments and activities (e.g. hipster cafes, rental bikes, women divers, boat/submarine rides). We enjoyed the quieter parts of Udo (e.g. Udobong Peak trail), away from the crowds. Please note that drivers of the mini-buses spoke only Korean which posed some challenge in communication. The traffic can also be quite chaotic at certain parts, with the mini-buses having to navigate through the many cyclists/bikers and tourists on the roads.
Hard to Recommend
I had high hopes for this spot, but it is hard to recommend it.  What was once a pretty island is now circled by identical seafood restaurants, cafes, burger joints and other tourist shops.   Biking a loop around the island is nice enough, but the road is jammed with little electric "rickshaw" things and noisy scooters.  Honestly, this place would be a perfect case study of bad development for a tourism management class.
Ferry services
Been here with guided by local tour. Take ferry service about 15 minutes reach Udo. You may choose option for shuttle bus services getting around island. But local bus driver only can speak Korean during introduction of each drop point. Bike available for rent as another option to around this island.
good
a smmall island about 3.5 km off jeju. same as jeju, it's also a volcano lava island. can take hop-on-hop-off bus to go round the island with very reasonable price
Pretty Little Island!
We spent a nice & easy day on the island.  The island is small enough to complete within a day and yet big enough for you to do/see.  The ferry ride to the island was a short and easy one.  We didn't drive there which was good since we already pre-planned to ride around the island.  There were many rental shops to choose from.  There were many different types of vehicle you could choose from, e.g. manual bike, ebike, mini-car (not sure what you call them), etc. Do note that some will require international license.  We opted for the ebike which was in good use for the uphills. The route around the island was scenic and very instagrammable.  Many cafés to choose from. It is a good place to roam in your own pace and taking your own time to absorb the pretty views.Definitely a place worth going.
Hidden Gem
My friend told me to make sure I visit Udo island before leaving. We truly enjoyed the ferry ride and riding around the island on a bus.
Little island with lots of cafe
Visited 4 times during my one year assignment in Jeju. Udo Island is very beautiful and peaceful. Rent a bike to tour around the island will definitely bring you fresh air and excitement. Stopped by at any cafe to try their peanut ice cream from udo! Really nice! I give average for their hallasan fried rice, it’s good to try but the taste is just normal. Udo has a very nice beaches around and good for photo:) recommend to go when you visit jeju.
Awesome!
What a beauty! Cant stop taking pictures while doing Olle trail. Took about 6hrs. Please do not forget the sunblock if you come in the summer. Locals are friendly.
Nice little island, beautiful spot
We visited Udo with my brother as part of our trip on Jeju. It is easily accessible via ferry (don't forget to bring your passport to buy a ticket!). We did the recommended tour (4h, with lunch time) and it was beautiful: campaign, port, cliffs, lighthouse... We definitely recommend it. We rate it 4 stars and not 5 because of the garbages on the island, it wastes the beautiful landscapes!
Nice idyllic island with its own charm
We caught the 7:30 am ferry from Seongshan Port to Udo.  The ferry left a bit early so we actually arrived at the island by 7:35.  The ferry ride should be about 15 minutes.  Cost was 17,000 kwr for 2 adults for round-trip tickets.  We struggled with whether we should have brought our car on board and immediately regretted not doing so once we landed.  Seems it is off season so not busy at all.  The first place we stopped at was the mango shop, where they also have a shop In the back for vehicle rentals.  Stopped there and tried to rent a mini-car/scooter but the staff said no rentals today because of the festival (seems it is the seashell festival).  Anyway, with no other option, we just took the hop-on and hop-off bus (5000 krw per person).  It’s about 21,000 krw round trip for a small car.  First stop was the lighthouse, got there at 7:45 and went back down to catch the next bus at 8:30.  The next stop after was the black sand beach.  Then to the other lighthouse on the northern tip of the island.  We concluded our trip at the stop after that which is the other ferry port.  We caught the 10 am ferry.  We skipped the white sand beach which is probably the most popular site as a lot of Korean dramas were shot there.  Some tips:- bring your car if you have one so you can visit the island on your own schedule - try the peanut ice cream at Jimmy’s Natural Ice Cream- most of the food places may be closed on a Sunday
Peaceful place
Highly recommend when you plan a visit to Jeju. Udo is simply beautiful. Deep blue ocean, clean and clear sea with canola blooming in spring, there’s nothing more you could ask for
Beautiful
Udo is a beautiful place that we have no regret to visit and spent 3 hours to round the island with rental electric car for KRW35000. Most shop offer KRW20000 for 2 hours and we find it will be a rush that you can’t really enjoy the scenic view of the island. Returned ferry ticket cost KRW8500/person. Rental car is currently not allowed to enter the island as a one year control started Aug 2017 so we parked it at covered parking near the port before we depart to Udo.
don't miss udo if you go to jeju
i am lucky to visit udo on a sunny day. we are amazed by the unbeatable view and superb environment. spent a relaxing day in udo.if you go to jeju, you MUST go to udo!
It's worth it
We finally able to go Udo after few days of gloomy weather. Today just perfect as the sun is finally out. Do get into hop on/off bus with 5000won per person and you can get into the whole attraction places with some driver speak good english
Interesting beach and good scenic view
The most memorable thing was rather on the ferry to Udo Island.The seagulls were hovering over those who had Calbee prawn crackers ready to feed them. They followed the ferry from Jeju all the way to Udo. That was a sight!Udo generally has good scenic views and interesting coral beach with clear blue waters.
Not open the day of my visit
We came here to the Seongsanhang Port Passenger Ferry Terminal to take the ferry to Udo island but the ticket counter was closed on 1st March 2018 which was a Thursday at 12pm , went and asked another ticket booth counter nearby and the lady told me in mandarin language that it's close due to bad weather as it was a windy day .
Worth the trip
The landscape is a volcano, and the scene is very gorgeous, especially while the sunset or sunrise. The breeze from the sea makes you feel so good.
BREATHTAKING VIEW
In short, a MUST GO when in Jeju-do. The beautiful breathtaking view of the ocean and on good days, clear view of Halasan mountain from the beach. We were there on 2nd Feb, and if it was not because of the freezing cold weather i would have jumped in the sea myself! Reaching U-do by ferry (15mins ride) and there are cute scooters for rent. We went with a travel agent, hence, we toured by bus. We went to two main places, one with a speedboat ride circling the island they claimed to look like a cow laying down and another by the beach of U-do. The water is of emerald in colour and dark blue 😍 here is a picture for reference.
Jeju's biggest commercial island
If you are looking for a remote island off the coast of Jeju then this might not be for you. However, if you are after an island that is a short ferry ride away and has many activities to offer then this is it! Udo is beautiful, and attracts many tourists especially in the summer time. You can rent a bicycle for the day at about 10,000-12,000W, or rent an electronic bike/scooter thing (with an international drivers license). Caves, mountains, as well as many beaches to explore. Stay the weekend on Udo or ride the ferry back to Seongsan, you'll have a great time :).
Nice Udo Island
We didn't spent much time here as we are rushing. Overall is a nice place to visit. You can rent a bike or motor cars to go around the island or take the bus tour. At first we planned to drive car inside the island. However, due to many vehicles in the island and to avoid traffic jam, they have set the rules that only local island cars can drive into Udo island. I forgot the timeline but it took around one year period. For those who plan to drive car enter the island you may need to further check on it. When purchased the ferry ticket, you are required to fill in the two forms. Please bring along your passport as well. The counter personnel not many can speak English where we feel a bit challenge. Overall, is a nice place to visit. And if possible do spare around one day to enjoy the environment here.
Great place ever!
Great place ever! Blue sky, white clouds, sand beach and mountain! You should go there to feel yourself!
Cow shape Island - Udo
Great island with awesome view and beaches. I like this island most in South Korea. I wanna go back again.
Udo Island
Our family day trip to Udo Island was a fun-filled day. We rented bikes and motor cars to get around the Island. It was a great day!
Very relax place
I went there in Nov. This is a small island but need to rent a mini car/motorcycle/cycle for travelling around the whole island.  We chose to take the tour minibus with total of 8 stops in different part of the Udo.  THe ticket can be bought near the pier. There are some beaches which all looks gorgerous! However its autumn time which we cant swim there.
Great day trip
I enjoyed the scenic beaches with aquamarine waters.. u can rent a escooter or take the shuttle bus (loop) to explore the island..there are many interesting cafes on the island..the specialty shld be their peanut ice cream..
Overated island
We went to the island based on the reviews we read.Overall we were disappointed with the island,, it looks very nice but unfortunately the entire beach area around the island is strewn with garbage, and is very apparent against the black rocks. We hired bicycles and cycled around the island and could not find a spot not spoilt by the garbage sight.Also remember to bring your id along as is needed when you purchase your ferry ticket to the island.
Worth visiting
It's very relaxing and convenient to take the shuttle bus to see various areas of the island. Tourists could hop on and hop off at each stops. Alternatively, there are bicycles available for renting.
A nice ride along the coast
We spent a day on Udo island and enjoyed the bicycle ride along the coastal road here. However, because we were based in Seogwipo city, the journey to the ferry itself was 1.5 hour per way - so I would suggest you visit Udo if you are based in Jeju city or somewhere around this port. Or else, you may not seize the best out of the trip.There were not many food options near the ferry port on Udo island, so you can have lunch on Jejudo first, or head to some gathering places near the White Sand beach or the Cliff area where there would be much more eateries.Pricing for bikes here was quite standard so you may not have to bargain - but make sure you pick ones that work :) Check their brakes and bells as you will need them for sure.
beautiful island
worth the trip there. if you are pressed for time, rent one of the electric operated tricycle and make a tour round the island in 3 hours. if you have more time you will be able to enjoy the sceneries and more tourist attraction sites better
Very good travel!!!
This place is very good. If you leave to this place then have to prepare ride licence.because if you rent to scooter then you can travel comfortably. This place have beach. very good view of beach.And if you come here then you should eat  Jjajangnodle. this food is very very  delicious.
Udo visit sharing
This is very beautiful place, I am very highly recommend the tourist to visit there. because it is the good experienced. Here is the island out of the city, more relax, comfortable and have more nice peoples in here.
Awesome
It was a really wonderful experience to cycle around the island, although a little tiring. You can rent a motorcycle or trike as well. It is really busy and sometimes a little crowded on the roads. There are many restaurants and a few beaches. Excellent food to be had
Small island with beautiful scenery
Actually I really want to visit this place after watching korean tv show : 2 days 1 night because I see canola flowers field that really beautiful. Actually it’s quite hard to communication here as a foreigner because not many people can speak english. But they are so kind and helpful even though we need some effort if want to say something by using some gestures. You must try peanut ice cream and Hallabong fresh Juice (tangerine) that really sweet and delicious! You also can find peanut soju here if you want to try.You can also buy a round trip ticket bus there to see this island around or rent a electric car for 2 people.
Fun day half day trip to Udo
We reached the ferry terminal at 11am and waited for a short while for the ferry. The ferry depart quite frequently so there is no worry for that. As mentioned by other people, you will need to bring your passport to purchase a ticket. If you intend to rent a motorised vehicle in Udo, you will need to bring along your international driving permit. We rented a covered motorised scooter for 3h at KRW40,000. The scooter has doors and can seat 2 people. It took us less than 2.5h to cover the whole island, we even took 45min lunch break in between. The entire island is around 17km, so if you intend to make stopovers for photo taking, renting for 2h will be good enough. Just follow the coastline and you won't get lost. I highly recommend travellers to opt for the motorised scooter for a relaxing trip around Udo island. It will take you just half day. There are not many cars on the road but there are many scooters and bicycles which share the same path. There are many tourists and they might not observe the driving rules very well, so do be careful when driving on the roads. However, if you intend to see some of the other sights on Udo, they are not accessible for these transportation as you will need to take a separate ferry to go there. There seems to be many people taking the shuttle bus in Udo, so I don't really recommend people to do so if you have an international driving permit.
Expected more from Udo
Before you want to take a ferry to Udo island, please take note that you need to bring along your passport to purchase a ticket. You will be given 2 tickets, 1 for departure & 1 for arrival (you have to keep this and pass to the boatman at Udo when you want to return to main island). A tip is to get the korean map together with your language’s map because they have more details of the island as compared to other languages. The ferry comes every 15 minutes so you do not have to worry if you miss it. Inside the ferry, there are flooring with thermal and you have to take your shoes off before stepping into the resting platforms. Otherwise, you may choose to stand outside those rooms and there are some outdoor seats at the top of the ferry. Please also take note that there are 2 ports at Udo, so your ferry might stop at either one.Once you reach the island, you will be greeted by tons of shop assistants trying to get you to rent bikes to you. You will need an international driver license to be able to drive any motorise vehicles. Upon confirmation which is the vehicle you want, you have to leave your passport with the register counter. They will provide you with a map to go around the island. We were informed that the whole cycling trip takes an hour. However, here comes the challenging part. There were no proper division of the road for those driving trucks, buses, cars, motorcycles & bicycles. You can be riding your bicycle and have a full speed bus chasing behind you and pressing the horn at you. Cars and trucks from the opposite direction also travel at fast speed towards you, which we had to stop many times to give way to these fast moving vehicles. After getting to the first beach, which was really beautiful, the rest of the trip towards the next beach was tough as there were many upward slopes and split roads which have no proper signages to tell you which way to go. We had to go in to random houses and ask in broken korean for which way to go. However, when we reach the lighthouse area, we managed to locate Jimmy’s icecream shop as suggested by our Jeju driver. I tried the mandarin orange ice cream while my friend tried the apple mango ice cream. Everything tasted natural and yummy so I would recommend it to tourist who visit the place. However, from the road before this ice cream place onwards to the last 5 mins of the ride, it was all upwards riding.We took almost 3 hours to finish cycling around the whole island (We have done quite a few rides in Singapore so I don’t think we were slow in cycling around the island). So for those who have no license or feel that you’re not up to 2-3 hours of cycling, I would advise you to take the tour bus to get from places to places on the island.
passport control
i'm really disappointed with all the bloggers i watched on youtube that spoke about going to udo. this is why. where they all mentioned and spoke about if you need to hire bikes or an electronic scooter you will need to bring a passport (which you must do if you want to do the island in relaxing fashion) none of them mentioned that you need a passport to get to the island. so my partner and i turned up with 1 passport as he would be driving over there not me. but when buying the ticket st the ferry terminal, they demanded passports and got in a huff when we explained we only had 1. so be aware. once there it's a fun day out. you don't need to know much. you get there and you get off the ferry you hire transport. we went for the electronic bikes and they were perfect. make sure you take sun screen for your face
Perfect one-day walk: sea, rural scenery, views
This is a perfect one-day trip from Jeju, I can imagine it gets packed in season, but on this midweek October day we were pretty much the only people on the Olle trail around the island. It's mostly really easy to follow, with a mixture of red and blue ribbons tied to trees and fences, plus distinctive arrows at junctions. The trail is about 11.5km but we also climbed to the highest point and took a detour to another beach, dawdled, stopped for photos and snacks and still got round in less than 5 hours. Just time for a peanut ice-cream and a snooze on the beach before taking the ferry back. A really relaxing, varied day, like a step back in time to a simpler way of life. Highly recommended/
A beautiful tiny island
You should go there. Lovely view. Great for riding a bike around the island. It takes only 1-2h only but the view is so stunning. You should not eat at restaurants at the dock. There is a lot of places to eat along the way. Food is a bit more expensive but acceptable.
Ideal laid-back day trip from Jeju-do
The highlight of my trip to Jeju was visiting Udo, which is small enough to be traversed by bike in a matter of hours. My girlfriend and I were glad to chose the pedal-bikes over the motorbikes and car tours because, with all the different little coffee shops and sites to explore, you'll want to take your time. While you may not find much in the way of "impressive historical sites" compared to other places in Korea or the rest of Asia, this is a beautiful place if you're just looking to relax, meandering the coast with friends or a loved one, and enjoying some local treats. It's also very scenic, so super easy to capture scenic photos. The people were also super-friendly in helping you get around, even despite the language barrier. I'd love to return again.
Spectacular views
Brilliant place to visit stunning views from the top. Quite a treck to the top up lots of steps but well worth it.
Hallasan Fried Rice - MUZ TRY!
This Hallasan Fried Rice is a must have, must Go, must try, if you are in Udo Island. It is available at the 'Pungwon' restaurant. It is about 20mins walking from the harbour. If you are driving, key in the Tel no. 7841894 in your GPS device.First you will have to order either Black pork or cuttlefish according to your preference. There is a minimum number of portions to order based on the number of pax. There were 4 of us and we order 2 Pork and 1 Cuttlefish. We will begin by BBQ the meat. Until we are about halfway through, you can order the rice from the staff. The staff will put aside some meat and start by cooking the rice. The whole idea of Hallasan Fried Rice is that the staff will tell you the story about Mount Hallasan and the islands nearby; all these while making the rice into the shape of a mountain. He will then pour in the egg mixture and meat and cheese... and after numerous of flipping the rice, it's done. Fret not if you don't understand Korean, they have Chinese staff who can do the story telling in Mandarin. The process of hearing about the story is very interesting coupled with the visual of the staff cooking the rice. Not to mention, it tastes damn good too!
Awesome one day trip
Very cute little island, great for 1 day trip.  It's too big to do it by walking, but you can rent scooter (only with international driving license), bicycle or to take hop in hop out bus. There are 2 kinds of busses: one that makes only 4 stops (3000 KRW) and another that goes all around the island (5000 KRW). I think the one that makes only 4stops is good enough, as the rest you can do by walking. We took the hop in hop off bus for 5000 KRW, but we used it only 3 times, the rest we walked around. Enjoy your time there!
Nice day spend
This island took us almost 2.5 hrs to reach. We used public transport from our hotel to reach the intercity bus terminal and changed busses to the harbor. The bus ride took almost 1.5hrs but was very scenic. At the harbor, we filled out the boarding form and stood in queue for the ferry ticket. The ferry ride was 20min to the island and the ride was interesting with the sea gulls catching food thrown by other passengers. On reaching the Island, we took the hop on hop off bus .... red and got off on the 1st stop - for the light house. There we took the motor boat ride around the cliff edge. The guide was speaking in Korean so we couldn't understand much but enjoyed the view. We have a nice lunch of buttered spicy shrimps there and peanut ice cream. Then took the bus to stop 2 where we walked around the rocks and the smaller light house.  We saw both the white and red sand beaches. All in all a good day spend.
Great for one day trip
Remember to try their peanut ice cream (Udo peanut). With beautiful beaches, scenic peaks, and flowery fields, Udo Island is perfect for a laid back. You may take bus to place if interest in Udo.
Too many people
I can imagin Udo is a quiet and beautiful island to stroll or bike sometime, but the day we visited was full of people.  We arrived there already at noon and rented electric bicycles to start rounding the small island.  The road was full of small vehicles and bikes moving or stopping by the road, I did not feel I was in the nature but a hustle corner.  There were quite some restaurants and cafes along the route, the one we went was full of people, price of food/drink is in high end.  It took us 3-4 hours to round the island due to time for camera and lunch.  Back to the electrical bike, which could power to assist you, but battery did not last long, it usually fails in the last up slope (the last check point with a cave and cliff) - and it is tough for rider to move uphill without gear.  So I suggest you rent a normal bike, it is cheaper, more reliable, and rider can wear hat but not the heavy helmet.  I will say if you want to visit Udo, visit in low season, not summer, which is really crowded and extremely hot - no tree, no shelter along the road.
Beautiful Island good for day trip
Udo a.k.a cow island is a nice little Island in Jeju. We took a local public bus to the pier and took a short ferry ride to the island. This island island is shaped like a cow, hence its name. It was very popular among tourist and you should schedule a day trip here. The ferry ride was breezy and enjoyable. On reaching Udo island, we were greeted by the statue of a cow. You can walk (I don't recommend it as the island is quite big), rent a bicycle or take the hop-on-hop off bus for KRW 5,000.  We took the bus and visited the various tourist attractions. Along the way, we stopped and visited the lighthouse park among other places. Before reaching back to the harbour to board the return ferry, they collected back your tickets. That means you can only board the bus for one round trip on the island. Udo island is a nice place to visit in spite of the many tourists here.  Wear good walking/hiking shoes, have plenty of drinking water and wear a hat and sunscreen for protection against the sun as there is very little shade.  Be prepared for lots of walking and climbing to the lighthouse.
Overcrowded and dirty
I went to Udo with the ferry, the queues were super long to buy the tickets but it was quite fast. The island was very crowded. I got a normal bike for 10000 won. Go to the shop on your far right. the shop straight ahead when you inboard the ferry is super crowded with Korean tourists who look for a 3 wheel scooter. These scooters are everywhere. You need to be super careful as no-one really knows how to drive them. The island is super popular among locals. Thousands of scooters and selfie-hungry teenagers looking for the best pose next to the lighthouses. Moreover prices are high and the island is full of plastic rubbish (bottles, cups, bags). I would only recommend to go during low season. But most probably the rubbish will still be there as some piles looked already quite old. The peanut ice cream is nice but not worth the money.
Lovely little island
We spent a day there and we thought it was a nice little town with some beautiful natural sites like the falls but it's awful that people litter all over the place. We had the peanut ice cream which is was delicious. The island bus tour was easy and cheap and one of the drivers spoke perfect English.
Great day out!
What a quirky little place to visit! Just wish I had got my international drivers license before we left Australia though because then I would have been able to drive one of the fun little 3-wheel vehicles to get around the island. A short ferry trip from Jeju Island and then a bus trip around showed us the sights. A must-do is to get off the bus at the first stop and explore the 2 caves down on the beach - stunning and quite a spiritual experience. Absolutely loved our visit to this little island!
beautiful & must visit place in jeju
udo was one of beautiful & must visit place in jeju. we spent 1day for it for visit such  pretty landscape. we took shuttle bus for tour around the island. diff view & diff landscape. i love light house hill & whale cave. better reserve enough time for visit & enjoy the scenery
Must visit
Really beautiful little island off another beautiful island.Great for a an afternoon or day visit and easy to travel. We went by ferry and got ourselves a scooter to travel around the island as we were short on time. Was really fun to use the scooter, probably the highlight of the island.But made us see the place quickly and so many places to eat! The people were really nice too and would visit again.
Nice small island
This small island is good for half or full day depends on what you going to do. The island provide with free shuttle bus but not sure it is summer period. Got two routes east and west. Check with driver before get into the bus. Light house stop and black sand see is a must.
An island with healing
It is a very pleasant place to visit in jeju. Passports are needed to buy ship tickets. A 15 mins ride to udo certainly worths. The scenery are breathtaking and the whole atmosphere of the place is comfortable and relaxing. A good place for temporary escape from the busy city life!
It is a gem, a beautiful one!
Visit to Udo has to be the best bet on my trip to Jeju! It was not on my itinerary until I reached Jeju - initially put off by a journey over because I don't drive and I was afraid I will lose my way, miss ferries etc. Glad I went Udo!It wasn't difficult to reach the port to catch my ferry as I got guidance from the staff where I was staying (December Hotel Jeju). I took bus and watched the scenery along the way till I reached the terminal stop. Bought my ferry tickets and was quickly onboard (there seems to be more ferries than I thought and read). Watched others feed the seagulls food on the ferry ride and in a short while, I arrived at the island! There were many options on how you want to travel around the island and so I took the most rustic and simple way --- bicycle! It was not difficult and I got to choose a cute pink bicycle as my companion for the day. I took the clockwise path and followed the many other visitors on the road.Udo brought me many surprises - many people but not rowdy, beautiful beautiful waters and beaches (see my photos), cool yet warm, quiet along some paths but not totally deserted. I liked the fact there are many photo stops, and the food I tried there were delicious! I love the Hallasan Fried Rice at the shop I chanced upon randomly - stopped cos I felt hungry. And it was one of the greatest food deal I had!I would choose to come here, earlier, again next time. There were some other areas I didn't manage to explore as I wanted to catch the ferry back. I could have also spend some time chilling at the cafe for a snack or drink. I find this the best way to enjoy Udo, away from all the hype of Jeju itself. Love it.
Beautiful island
Udo island is located near Seongsan port. Half day will be enough to visit this island. I tried the peanut ice cream from U-do Prince, taste good.
Mini isle with maxi views
Udo or “Cow Island” lies off the UNESCO World Heritage island of Jeju and is so named because its profile resembles a sleeping or resting ox. The fun begins with a 15 minute ferry ride from Seongsan Harbour, costing ₩5,500 return trip. As the boat glides over the choppy waters, you can watch on deck the antics of Korean school students on excursion feeding the seagulls in mid-flight, with lots of shrieks and screams. Upon arrival at Cheonjin Port, shuttle buses will be waiting to take you around the island for a round (hop-on hop-off) trip ticket which you pay after the first stop. It’s a pity we could not understand the Korean commentary provided by the bus driver, as he had his captive audience in stitches along the journey. We enjoyed the rustic scenes of thatched farm houses and fields, surrounded by the azure blue seas. We made stops at Geommeolle Beach (black sands and cliff backdrop) and Seobin Baeksa Beach (white grains of rhodolith). The half day excursion to Udo was a joyful and unruffled experience!
Pretty beaches
Udo- we went early, were there before 9am. Spent roughly 3 hours on the key spots.1. Ferry to Udo- Our jumbo taxi driver drove us over. Needed to fill out all personal details plus showing our passports when purchasing tickets. Return trip for 5 of us plus driver plus jumbo taxi return was KRW70,000. No queues, not crowded. We went there on 2 Jun 2017 Friday. Just a 15-min ride, need to leave the car diring the trip. Have a good view of Sunrise Peak from the ferry.2. Peak- For a good view of Jeju and Udo, walk up to the peak. Be alert that the track along the coastline uphill is not an easy one for people who don't exercise a lot.  Useful to have hiking stick with you for this short track.3. Geommeollae Beach- Absolutely gorgeous scenery.  A must go place. That's where the famous peanut icecream shops are. There are two.  We tried one and it tasted well.4. Beaches- We went to two. Unforgettable colour and tranquility.  Must go as well.
Beautiful, chill island
The island is beautiful but difficult to get around with out renting a motorbike. However, motorbike only fits two people and you need an international driver's permit. The wind was too strong to walk around or bike in. There were a total of 3 of us that went and it would have been worth it to drive the car over from Jeju island because it cost the same as a tourist bus for all three of us.Other than figuring out transportation, it's a beautiful island to chill at and enjoy nature.
A perfect day trip in Udo
It is a short ferry ride from Jeju and an island worth visiting. It is a very small island so even just a few hours in Udo is enough to see all of its beauty. We rented a motorbike to get around the island. Make sure to remember to bring your camera~
Its like a mini Jeju
Among all the interesting place in Jeju island, i personally love Udo the most. The sky really blue, sea really blue, sand really white, stone really unique, food taste nice...you have it all. I rent a car for the trip in Jeju, therefore i bring the car to Udo by ferry. There were three of us in the car, i feel it worth the ferry ticket. As in Udo, most of the "mini car" or special bike we saw are mostly two person, so unless you rent two, you cant fit in 3 persons. So if you are driving, you have more than 2, bring your car with you. Parking is very easy to find. But please go to the port earlier as buying ticket and finding entrance to board the ferry can be very confusing..so you will need more time.
Nice island to spend half day
It takes almost one and a half hour to arrive the Island from Jeju-si. But the view was stunning on the Island. There is a shuttle bus service which has 4 stops across the Island and 5000 won for each passager to have an unlimited ride. There is a famous icecream store at the first stop which sell peanut icecream which is very delicious. The beach at the third stop is so stunning with a beautiful ocean. However, the restaurant on the island are quite expensive, so better prepare your own food if you have a tight budget.
Beautiful day at Udo Island
So according to our tour guide since we've spent few days at Jeju Island, Udo Island which is to the east of Jeju with a short ferry ride is not to be missed.So we went, and he was right.Beautiful day, sunny blue sky, clouds, nice breeze, beaches, scenic sights everywhere.  We even hiked up to the lighthouse.Came back down and tried the "famous" Udo Island ice cream.  Meh, not a big deal in my book, though it quenched the thirst a little.
Worth visiting spot
Spent half day on Udo Island walking around different spot by tourist bus! The bus tour is highly recommended to visitors without driving liscence since you can get on any bus of the same company with the ticket. Each stop has its uniqueness but still highly recommend the first stop! Simply stopby and enjoy Jimmy's Icecream along the seaside... guarentee this to be the most memorable part of the trip! The beach is also highly recommended since you feel like visiting Maldive with the clear water and blue sky. Try to arrive the ferry terminal to avoid overcrowding!
Nice island with gorgeous view
Lovely island with walking trail along the island.  Having to take bus from Jeju city for about 45 minutes and then ferry ride to the island.  It was of about an hour from the city at least.  A lot to see in the island and the flowers are lovely.  You could choose to take bicycle or motor bikes or driving around.
An Islet on the East
I read reviews/blogs about what & where and the most economical way to explore east of Jeju in a day. One of the blogs I read mentioned about Udo on her trip (you may look for theLostWanderer's blog-Jeju in 3 days for more detailed trip in Jeju). I just love this islet. I rented a manual bicycle to get around for KW 5000 for 2hrs, yet you can rent at KW 10000 for 3hrs to the entire day. Well for my time is constrain, & travelling on a budget & also wanted to keep myself fit as a preparation for Mt Hallasan hike, gladly I did. Other than bicycle, you can rent an e-bike, ATV, and a scooter. The tranquility & scenery that the place could offer is magnificent. Shouldn't let this islet slip from your list once in Jeju.I took bus #701 after I visited Manjanggul Cave & Gimnyeong maze park (same bus stop where I alighted for the cave) & alight at Seongsan Habour. At the port, I paid KW 5500 (to & fro) for I'm going back the same day to the main Island of Jeju.
Small island, easy to walk with nice views and even little festival at end of april
We were lucky: at the moment of our visit there was this Seashell Festival: a lot of seafood and music close to the ferry terminal. It takes only 15m to get there by boat and to walk up the hill is +/- 40min walk. you got a wonderful view over both sides of the island. There's even a little outdoor museum about lighthouses :-). Besides this festival, I think it's worth a visit and you can do a tour around Udo (or U-do) on a bike: rental service is at 50meters of the ferry terminal.
Not much to see
I was quite disapoonted when we visited the island. It's pretty and the beaches are nice. But if you've been around Jeju island for some time, there's not much here that you can't find in the main island. You can skip this if you need to cut your itinerary.
Beautiful Place
We took their local tour bus to go around, where it will go around the island for sightseeing. The first stop was near the udobong peak and great view of the sea. We had lunch and ice cream there (niceeeeee). We have spent too much time here and we decided to go back after 2-3 hours, and technically you will have to board the same number of bus to go back to the port. We met a kind bus driver that took us directly to the port.
Good fun
We caught the ferry over to the island (remember your passport or other form of photo ID) and hired a two person battery operated bike which was great fun.   Hired for 2 hours which was ok but if you want to spend longer at each stop then I would recommend at least 3 hours.   We went all around the island.  We stopped the longest at a small village where you can go down some steps to the beach and go and investigate a large cave.   There was an outdoor cafe on the beach serving fish -  very busy.  Can't remember the name of the village but it was towards the end of our circuit.  Definately a good weather day activity.
Beautiful
You definitely need more than 5-6hrs to explore this beautiful island. Last ferry which leaves back from Udo is 6pm so kindly plan your day accordingly. We were there only for 2 hrs so took a bicycle to explore this little paradise.  Views and trails on this island are amazing with a lot of food options available. My recommendation is to rent the little car to drive around if you are short on time and its easier to go up the slopes in the car . The ferry ride is also not very expensive up and down from Udo.
Unusual little island
It is difficult to take the local bus to go to the Ferry station so we took a taxi from our hotel near the city centre. The ferry ride is short but the sea air is refreshing and it is kind of fun seeing excited kids feeding the seagulls. The scenery is beautiful on the island but the hop on and hop off bus service is pretty rough.I think they are overbooked and big groups also have special buses nobody else are allowed on. End up waiting a lot to get to the next site. Annoying..!
laid back island
the best thing to do in jeju, it wasnt that attractive for me while i search udo online, my friend made me go with her, when i got there, im so glad i did it, it was so laid back, so nice, the circle island bike was awesome, the sunset, nice people. we enjoyed it a lot and forgot the boat time. we were late for the boat back to jeju, so we have to paid for personal boat, was way so expensive.
Must visit if you have time at Jeju
I specifically spend half a day here during my trip at Jeju and has no regret. We rented a electric scooter with KRW30k for 2 hrs, do note that you need International Driving License to rent it. We had burger at HahaHoho cafe and the Pork burger is delicious. The landscape and view is so pretty. The road is narrow so I don't recommend you to drive rented car there. Udo island trip is definitely one of the highlight of our trip to Jeju!
Lovely island
We were fortunate to catch a not-as-crowded ferry at around 2plus and stayed till 530pm and got back around 6pm. Ferry ride takes around 15mins but get up early and start walking towards the exit if u don't want to be Squashed w the main crowd! Upon arrival on the island, we decided to take the bus tour (costs 5000KRW/pax) which stops at 2 locations- the lighthouse peak as well as the beach.I must say Udo is very very windy so make sure u gear up and tie your hair if necessary!Hiking up to the lighthouse took us around 15mins up(lots of stairs, but after that it's v scenic). We had a good view of the whole island, despite being drizzly throughout the day. Dennis Cafe is really nice, cozy and affordable peanut ice cream as compared to the crowded 'Running man' ice cream shop which wasn't actually good. If I could go back, I would definitely bring my international driving license and rent an E bike!
YES!
Leave in the early morning from Jeju and spend the whole day on Udo, you will not regret, it extremely enjoyable.
A must go!
Udo was beautiful but our Korean two (2) hour tour wasn't sufficient. Apparently taxi's are hard to come by on this SMALL island. We would have liked to eaten elsewhere besides the port but our Volcano Rice & Pork resto was equally fun & good, near the bus drop off & Keith Harding mural. Hard to miss... enjoy
Totally worth a try!!
It is a definite must-see on Jeju Island. Although there is not much else to do beside sightseeing. That said the bridge excels at what it offers, which is the breathtaking scenery and beauty. Thumbs up from Vietnam !!!
Nice island for 1/2 day trip
Travelled by ferry from Seongsan habour (price 5500W two way). Upon reaching the island turn right to the carpark to purchase bus tickets (price 5000W). Bought the red tickets (you can only board the red buses with the red tickets and blue bus for the blue tickets). The bus is a hop on hop off bus (can only go forward not backward); you'll have to hold on to your ticket to board the bus for the next stop. Buses come every 20-30 mins. First stop was udobong peak - we had peanut ice cream (must try!!! Albeit a little sweet. Udo is known for the peanuts). The climb up is a little slippery so I won't recommend it on a rainy day. Requires some fitness to make it to the top but it is not too difficult. Otherwise a very relaxing climb that my family and I enjoyed very much! Stopped also at the Beacon mound (second stop on red bus) which was a nice selfie spot and then headed to the beaches before catching the ferry back to the mainland (last ferry back to jeju 5.30pm). The island is quite touristy though; expect things to be a bit more expensive.
A Nice island
We took the ferry to Udo island, the ferry trip was fun with many seagulls flying around us. We booked 5 electric bicycles for 2 hours (need to bargain with the price). Electric bicycle no need international driving license. Think 2 hours is very rush as we don't have enough time to slowly explore the beautiful island. Halfway we go lost and need to rush back to return the bicycles to avoid the penalty. Need to exercise caution while cycling as the roads are shared with cars, buses, other mobile vehicles. No separate road for bicycles. It's a nice island to explore
Must go
You absolutely have to visit the island. The beaches was so blue and clean. The wind is good. Too bad we didn't stay over and enjoy the beach more
Beautiful Island
If your time in Jeju is limited, skip all those man made museums and put visiting Udo island as one of your priorities. If you have an international driving license, highly recommend to rent a scooter to tour the island, and don't forget to try the Hallasan Fried Rice.
Nice place although touristy.
Accessible by ferry. Udo is a tiny island so you wont get lost while wandering around this island. Filled with canola fields during spring, fresh breeze, peaceful atmosphere, sights of female divers, it is perfect for a daytrip. However if you plan to drive, just be extra careful as the roads are narrow.
Peaceful and Beautiful
It's a tiny island which will only take about 1 and a half hour to explore around with an auto-bike (renting required) or spend about 2-3 hours cycling around the island. This place is surrounded with mountains, sea, greens, flowers and lovely people. Lots of tiny restaurants and decent cafes can be found in the island. Would recommend everyone to try their peanut/hallabong ice-cream! It's something very different and worth to try.
something not to be missed
Came here on two different trips, both memorable. Ate the black beans noodles, the ice cream and tried the local seafood.
A relaxing island with breezes and fun
this is a very good island in jeju, just about 10min from the pier to there and meanwhile you can see many seagulls follow the boat, just for asking the snack in your hand~the island is a good place for a walk, or you can rent a bike, motorbike or electric car(these 2 types needa an international car license) just nearby the pier.and please remember to bring your passport to there cos you needa show your passport when you buy the boat ticket.
Surround by nature
U-do is more of a small village, the citizens are so down to earth and friendly! Lots of fresh seafood be sure to try them out! Hop on a tour bus, driver will intro the island to you!Great for family vacations or exploring the island with friends and taking lots of amazing photos
It's a lovely place to burn time
If you are driving, I recommend you visit Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak first at around 7am to catch the sunrise at around 8:00am something.For me it's better seeing the Seongsan Ilchulbong in a far away place rather than hiking it for 30mins. So before reaching the gps route you would notice a lot of cars parked at the road side. Stop for a while and from there you would see a crowd of people waiting for the sunrise at the seashore and infront is the mountain touching the sun.If you like, you can still proceed with the peak 1km away from the stopover and hike a bit at the stairs to see the peak.After that a few kms away is the Seongsan Port going to Udo Island.Gps to Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak 710-7923Gps to Seongsan Port 7825671Upon reaching Udo island in a 15min ferry ride for 5500won, you can either walk, cycle or rent a scooter. You need an international drivers license to rent a scooter for 25000won for 2 hours, which i think is really short. Circling the whole island with a bit of stop over would already take you 2 hours. Not much to see in the island, a bit of flowery patches, mermaid statues and lighthouse and that's it.
Such a nice Island
You can access it by ferry. Rent a scooter at the Island. With little kids I would recommend to take the car with on the ferry. Nice sights and views!
Picture perfect island!
The moment I set my eyes on this island, I knew I was in heaven. The water looked extraordinary blue and the view was nothing short of a perfect dreamy scenery. We took a day trip on the ferry from jeju. On the island, we took the hop on hop off bus. Take any bus, doesn't really matter.. They will then tell you which color buses u can hop onto at the next destination along with a list of places they will stop at. I think it costs around 2200 won. The island was crowded specially with all the bikes but still it is not to be missed. The first stop was the udo peak. A hike of around 30 mins to a lighthouse from where you can see the entire islans. The view of the sunrise peak on jeju all along the hike was incredible! Then the bus took us to 2 beaches..one was a black sand beach which had a little cave but tides were high that day. We missed the 2nd beach and went to the last one with white sand. This beach was quite close to the port and we walked to the port from here along the coast. It was a beautiful walk and less crowded.There are lot of shops and cafes in front of the last beach.
Beautiful Udo!
If you plan to go to Udo, spend at least a day here. Enjoy every part of Udo : Udo Olle Trail, Udo lighthouse, Beach. Trying the popular Halasan Fried Rice and peanut ice cream, so yummy. Really enjoy my time in Udo, fresh air, clear blue water, white sand, warm local people, beautiful scenery. This is what I picture Jeju in my mind. Everything in Udo are beautiful for me. I will regret if I didn't come here, this is my favourite part in Jeju.
A relaxing bike ride
Udo island offers push bike and motorised bike hire for a small fee at both of the docking locations. You can also drive your car onto the ferry and just drive. I used the push bike so I could enjoy the feel of the coast roads without rushing past but you'll still see everything (without the muscle pain) with the other options. There are several little eatery places scattered along the road that offer very fresh and yummy food. I spent about 3-4 hours riding around the coastal road stopping for freshly squeezed juice, lunch, the local peanut ice cream and peanut rice wine. If your looking for adventure this isn't for you but if a quiet relaxing back to nature is what your looking for be sure to stop by.
Awesome day out
Great day out doors. Many options of travel within the island (drive from mainland, rent bicycles, various motorized vehicles) making it really easy.Roads are narrow so personally would avoid driving. Further the ferries can only hold that many cars which means expect long wait times during peak periods.Many nice small eateries for coffee or ice cream along the way. Beaches are really pretty too and water clear though I didn't see anyone swimming in dec (winter).Only thing that I didn't quite like was the rentals were pricey at 70000 won for 3 hrs (two motorized bicycles and one two seater). And that was after some bargaining . The guy mentioned that it takes 45 min to go around the island without stops
Highlight Of My Jeju Trip
Udo Island is what I imagined Jeju to be..beautiful coast line beside grassy fields. A relaxing day trip soaking up the amazing scenery. Well worth the (little) effort if you are in the area, and consider a day trip if you aren't!The port is about a 15 minute walk from Sunrise Peak. You buy ferry tickets in a white dome building; start by going to one of the desks with pens and boarding cards. Fill out 2 boarding slips EXACTLY the same (one collected on your trip to Udo and the other collected on your way back). For example, we were a party of two, and on BOTH slips we wrote BOTH our names and details. When you have completed the slips, go to one of the ticket windows and present the slips with your PASSPORT (for international travellers), and if like me, you don't know any Korean at all, just smile and say "Udo". The lady will ask you if you are returning the same day and issue you return tickets costing 5500 won each. She will also tell you the last ferry time coming back from the island, in our case (November) it was 5pm.Off we went! The ride is about 15 minutes and you get lovely views of Sunrise Peak on the way. When we disembarked, we were immediately greeted (sold to) by various venders renting out pedal bikes or motorised vehicles. We chose the "old fashioned" bikes and had a wonderful time. It costs 10000 each bike, for the whole day. We took 2-3 hours biking around the coast (map provided) taking breaks to admire the scenery and have lunch. If you didn't make any breaks, our vendor thought it would take 1-1.5 hours around. My partner and I are healthy late-20-somethings that don't bike often, but we felt the trip was pretty easy and relaxing as its mostly flat. There are not many cars either, and other motorised rental vehicles zipping by, are small scooters/2-3 seaters, so biking around feels very safe. There are numerous eateries and toilet facilities all around the island. We stumbled upon a cart selling home made pies (Bulgogi, Spicy Chicken, Red Bean and Apple) and they were delicious! I wish I knew the name of it, but if you happen to see it and feel like pies..these are yum!Fit in a trip to Udo if you can..Its a beautiful place to spend some time..
Touristy but Nice!
Udo is a small island just off Jeju island and is a 15min ferry ride. Once you are there you can hike, hire a bike or get on a round island hop-on hop-off bus which are quite frequent.The island is a lava plateu but some beaches have golden sand or white coral sand.The island is lush and green and is apparently very fertile.As it is touristy, prices can be high but it is definitely worth a visit if it is a good day.Give yourself plenty of time.
Superb scenery
Wonderful places with amazing scenery. We joined the round island shuttle trip for just 2000 won and you can go around the islands. If you are lucky enough, you can get English speaking bus driver to explain more details on Udo Island. Wonderful!!
Seeing Udo by Olle Trail
A wonderful way to enjoy beautiful Udo is actually by walking the Olle Trail 1-1. There's a total of 26 trails totaling 425kms round Jeju. Website jejuolle.org. Distance is 11.2km which covers the major places on the island. Trail starts & finishes at Cheonjin-hang(port) where you arrive by ferry from Seongsan Harbour. Its a relatively easy & flat trail taking 3-4hrs. Only slight challenge is Udo Peak. There is a century old lighthouse at the peak with a Lighthouse Park with miniature lighthouses in Korea & around the world as you make you descent. Need to watch out for scooters & buses while walking.
A small Island with cool attractions.
I rented a motobike and rode all around the island in 2 hours. This Island is a gem. Don't miss it. The ferry price was very cheap and you can have good korean foods on the Island.
Too short a visit
My friend and I loved this place. We drove in to Udo, boarding the ferry in our car (quite an experience in itself!), and only had 4 hours to explore. Jump shots at the various beaches, hiking up to the tallest part of Udo, trying Hallasan fried rice at the Pungwon restaurant, and having peanut and tangerine ice-cream at Jimmy's ice-cream were all memorable experiences. Driving around, and many a times through one-way lanes between low stone-walls that Udo is known for, was exciting as well. Udo is a must-go!
Be sure to try the Hallasan fried rice
Upon my arrival on the island, I bumped into Taiwanese travelers who recommended the Hallasan fried rice. The restaurant is within 15-20 walking distance to the port (where you got off the ferry).The fried rice was covered with vegetables and squid. The owner would go to each table to pour egg yolk and cheese and make the dish look like a volcano. While frying the rice, the owner would tell stories of the Jeju island and Udo island in fluent English. The fried rice then was turned into a heart shape. My family and I videotaped the process and had fun. Oh, the friend rice did taste yummy!
A short ferry trip to a beautiful little island.
Try to give yourself a little extra time to buy tickets as they day we travelled it was packed with tourists.The short ferry trip was wonderful, and offered great views of Udo as we approached. On reaching the island the first thing we observed were the amount of rental companies offering bikes, electric 2/3 seater buggies, scooters and tandem. In fact anything you can think of to explore the island. Ido is famous for peanuts and you will find many of these on sale in the quaint little cafes and shops dotted around main road. If you get the chance you should try the local " Udo peanut Makgeolli" The island is truly beautiful and if you do decide to join the hoards on electric vehicles shop around a bit as there are lots of rental companies eager to offer their wares. It is also important to ensure that you have an "international drivers licence",, as they appear to have tightened up since a number of accidents lately and wouldn't accept our UK credentials.All in all great trip with lots of ferries running bak and forward throughout the day.
Beautiful Island for a day/half day trip from Jeju
The ferry to Udo island is fairly close to the Seongsan Ilchulbong peak, close to a 15 mins walk. The ferry ride is 15 mins only, and you get to see some amazing views all through. In the island, there are many beautiful beaches and cafes. We rented bikes (do remember to ask them for a map if you do!), and rode all around the island. A complete round on the ocean road took like 3+ hours, but was loads of fun. Cos we could stop by at beaches to relax, or cafes for a quick bite or drink. We took lots of incredible pictures. A perfect day spent in gorgeous weather!
Beautiful scenery but packed with many locals and foreigners
Udo is a very windy and beautiful island. The views from udo peak is breathtaking. There is a round trip udo tour bus for 5000won per pax which shuttle you to 5 attraction stops of the island. First stop is to the black sand beach where you can see the black sand beach and a cave (during low tide). If you want to go to the udo peak, you will need to walk a distance, climb up a hill to reach the udo peak. My first trip to udo was with my Jeju taxi guide and he drove us to udo and brought us up. My second time here was kinda cocked up because the udo tour bus driver only conveys in korean and our taxi guide this time did not accompany us to udo. Hence we did not made it to the peak. Nonetheless, we explored other stops (beaches and beaches). The sea and beaches are very beautiful. Udo is famous for their peanut and orange ice creams which I felt is a waste of money. Per cup of ice cream topped with some peanut or orange juice cost 5000won. Mcd ice cream taste nicer and bigger quantity. Oh yes, if you are willing to spend more you can rent bicycle and cycle around the island. And if you have international driving licence you can rent motorized vehicle to travel around. The roads are small and there's many tour buses shuttling people hence certain areas are abit congested.
1st time flying Solo
I would die to visit Udo again, it's a tiny island and can be covered in one day with a scooter which can be rented once you're off the ferry but I'd love to stay a few day next time so I can really enjoy the island.  Everything here is like straight out of a book, the beaches, the hiking trails, the lighthouses, the food, OMG the food.  Anyone visiting this island, I recommend starting early morning and renting a bicycle, a scooter if you're good with directions or pay for a bus ticket that with have drop off locations as well as pick up so you can explore at leisure and when you're ready to go to your next location, just stop by one of their pick up locations and you're ready to go.
Visit Udo when you are in Jeju!
Udo is a must visit place in Jeju island! go there as early as you can, so that you can spend a day trip there! Half day trip not enough time to look around.
Anniversary Vacation
This was the last stop on our vacation. Unfortunately it was also the only grey/cloudy/cold day. The island was still a must see for us. The ferry ticketing area can be very confusing, so be prepared if you don't know any Korean. We figured it out after about 5 minutes of standing around, staring in confusion. Once we reached the island, we rented an electric car (from Gulliver's Travels) with side-by-side seating for ￦35,000 for 2.5 hours and cruised around the island following the path. The beaches were incredible. White sand, crystal clear water at the shore, turning into turquoise water a little farther out. Even with the grey sky, it still looked amazing. We didn't climb out to the lighthouse (if you climb to the top of Hallasan on your visit, you'll understand why. Ow.) but we got some great photos of it. Peanut ice cream is way overrated in my opinion, but it was still a must since we were on Udo! My husband got the hallabong ice cream. We liked that one more, but the stuff they put on it tastes like mashed up hallabong peel, so it was bitter and we just scraped it off. There is a restaurant that serves (I forget the name, I am guessing) Hallasan fried rice. They make it look like a volcano! We really wanted to go, but needed to catch the ferry back. Overall, if it had been warmer and the we could actually see the sun, it would have been much more enjoyable. We talk about going back and spending a night on the island so we have the time to walk around it, instead of having to drive/rent a bike.
Absolutely beautiful and fun
For us it was a bit of a disappointment that we would need international driver's licence to rent 50-125cc scooter/motorbikes/small car like vehicles on the island. So it is a good thing that they have the electronic scooters, which don't require the licence. They are way cooler to cruise around the island with.It was a clear sunny day, and we spent 2 hours driving around the island, stopping every now and then to enjoy the scenery. There are a few places to visit on the tour so no need to rush around the place. Be sure to make it to the last boat back to the mainland in time (for us it was 5:30pm, but people kept coming there late so it left just before 6pm). From the boat we were able to enjoy the setting sun, which was a great finish for the trip. The boat ride there and back was reasonably priced, and the scooters we got were 25,000KRW for 2 hours. We went there a bit late so the only minus was that the place available for us was with no insurance for the scooters. Still, if you visit Jeju and have extra time on the east side of the island, be sure to visit udo!
1 day self drive trip
Very beautiful island and worth a full day to walk around. Nice ice cream but food there quite expensive.
Great day trip
This is a great place for a day trip, especially if you rent a bike and ride it around the island. There is also some good food throughout. Take a day and head out there.
Perfect vacation spot
This tiny, delightful island feels miles away from anything familiar and mundane.  I highly recommend renting an electric scooter (for about 25 bucks for 2 hours) and driving around the entire island.  Driving around the island only takes about an hour, but give yourself extra time to stop for photo ops.  The place is dreamy and laid back - you can even spot the famous haenyeo (women divers) at work, and see their "dressing stations."  There is no "one particular amazing" thing to see on Udo, but rather it's about the whole experience of exploring this off-beat place and losing track of time.
Udo visit
We visited Udo in our recent visit to jeju island. We couldn't see the whole island due to rainy weather. One thing the visitor should be careful about the renting of battery bike or other types of two wheelers. The store owner will ask U something unethical rate for rent and the behaviour of them are really very very bad. They behave with us very rudely.
Lovely Small Island
It takes 15 min to get to Udo by ferry from Jeju, which schedule every 60 min.When you reach the island you have many shops that will offer you to rent small electric vehicles for 2 hours, it will be enough for browsing around all the beautiful circle road of the island. if you're planning to have lunch or some other activity, take 3 hours. 2 hours cost around 20,000 KRW for an electric scooter (1 person).Important Tip: 1. Take detailed pictures of the rental as they will sometimes try to blame you on some scratches they found when you return.2. Can't be miss is the "Rise Mango" 100% that sell all over the Island.
Amazing Udo in Jeju
Udo is an amazing place We took our car in the ferry ... Costs only 22000 KRW for return trip plus 6000 KRW for each person. We stopped at so many places and took pictures every where. You could also rent a scooter or electric car, but it you have a car, I would recommend taking your own car esp if you are a group unless you like to enjoy on bike. But be ready to face high wind.Though people recommend a few hours only, this place is worth full day spend.
Beautiful island, highly recommended
It was our 2nd time visit Udo,absolutely loved it.Few tips for anyone who plan to visit Jeju:* Bring your ID with you! We went to Udo in July and we were asked to present ID at ticket office, Seongsanri Port. Saw lots tourists queuing at ticket office and pretty much everyone was holding passport!! We didn't have passport with us, but luck enough I had my driving licence in my purse. My boyfriend didn't have any ID with him, and we bought 2 ferry tickets with showing 1 ID only.  * it's an absolutely beautiful place. Tried peanut ice cream which was very refreshing. * scooter or bike? My opinion is get bike!! It costs 10000 won to get 1 bike and you can ride as long as you want, no time limit what so ever, it costs 25000 won to get a scooter, and you need to be back within 2 hours. It was kinda electric bike, so presuming the power only lasts 2 hours. If you plan spend move than 4 hours on this lovely island, bike is the option, not hard to ride around and you can stop at any cafe for a ice cream or drink and chill out at the beach for 1 hour. That's what we did :) rather than just sitting on the scooter and kept checking time consistently to make sure to get back  within 2 hours.
Very LOCAL quad bike adventure
Much to see, places to stop and "smell the roses." Traffic a bit chaotic but go slow and expect everyone else to disregard the rules of the road AS WE KNOW THEM :) Be flexible and open-minded :)
Beautiful island
A beautiful island and it was nice to travel around in an ATV along the coastline although 2.5 hours wasn't quite enough after taking a break at a cafe. It might be a good idea to stay overnight at Udo too.
Scooter ride around the island
We arrived at 3:30 on Udo, and rented 2 electric scooters from a stand close to the dock. It was a bummer that i couldn't rent a real scooter (you need to bring your int. license btw). It was a lot slower, so it gave us more time to have a more relaxing ride. We visited 2 beaches, and both of them were very clear and very clean (Beware of silver fish though😱😱). Also, you wouldn't want to miss haha hoo because my friend told me they're incredibly popular. We got some peanut ice cream, and some tea with honey and the special jeju fruit that i can't name (which was absolutely incredible!!!) since everything else was sold out. I would have loved to spend more time there because we only got 3 hours on Udo. In all, it was an amazing and memorable experience.
Great!
Rented a scooter for 4 hours and went around the entire island. Renting is easy- just go to one of the places right next to the ferry docks. You have to go to the cliffs and the black sand beach below them. Cross the beach to the rocks where they have the boat then go inside the cave. Walk all the way to the left and go out the small opening- this place have practically no other tourists. Then if it's low tide- climb to the right to the small opening into another cave but this is a lot cooler!
Feel in love with this place
Beautiful. just amazing island. I could not make up my mind to return back from this place. Took a shuttle bus which take you around the island.
Worth a day trip
Udo is a beautiful island but I would recommend a day trip as Jeju island has a lot more to offer. My friends and I climbed Seongsan Ilchulbong in the morning and then hopped on a boat to Udo, the port is very close and boats go regularly. If you have a car I would recommend leaving it behind as the queue for cars was extremely long. Once we got there we boarded one of the shuttle buses, while they're restricted in where they go it only costs 1,000 won for a single trip, versus renting an electric car that cost about 40,000 but only last 2 hours. The beach we went was not nice, the water was dirty and full of rubbish but the locals didn't seem to mind.Overall it's a nice island but the beaches on Jeju are a lot nicer and cleaner, a day trip is all I would recommend.
Very recommended
This island is only about 10 mins away by ferry from Jeju Island. The environment is very clean and very beautiful. You can either take your own car or hire a scooter to go around the island. It only takes less than 2hrs to complete a full circle. I seriously recommend you to spend a least a day or two.
Worth a visit
We rented a scooter and drove around the island for two hours (including lunch). We had fun and enjoyed every minute, but I wasn't overwhelmed by the scenery to be honest.
Must visit place
A really cool place to hang out for half day. Take a return ferry from Port.  If staying near beach in jeju then walk to sanho beach. Stay for few hours and then come back to ferry point. Now take a bike or electric car... for merely 40000 krw. But it's only for 3 hours max (after bargain). But need an international I'd.  I visited with my wife n 3 year son. Took electric car. Stopped at breathtaking  points where bus does not take you. So driving in own vehicle a must for best time.
A bit disappointing
We decided to go to Audi because of the 3 different beaches the were there (and for Haha Hoho Burgers). Getting there was more difficult than expected. We had a rental car which was nice to be able to retreat back to air conditioning. But the line for the ferry was so long that it took about 2 hours to get on the ferry. Once on the island our first stop was for lunch at Haha Hoho. We were lucky in that they didn't sell out of burgers by the time we got there at 1:50. Buy by the time our burgers were ready 2:40 they were sold out and not taking any more orders. So get there early for lunch. The drive around the island was nice  and picturesque. The first beach we stopped at was a disappointment. The water was green with algae and smelled. There was also quite a bit of trash. With the number of people there I would expect more maintenance. We stayed only briefly hoping for better beaches down the road. The next stop was a black sand beach nestled in a cool looking cove. But again there was trash everywhere. We didn't stay long. The first two beaches were a "bust."  The third was the "coral beach." It was clean but the water still green with algae and seaweed. The beach was rough under our feet but the kids had fun. It was pretty crowded and the water became deep quickly so not much space to play for new swimmers. The views from the island were great, especially at sunset. Overall we were underwhelmed and felt we probably should have stayed on Jeju and just visited the northern beaches.
Not as I expected
Due to lack of time, I decided to take a blue/ yellow tour bus (5000KRW for 4 destinations). For those, I prefer the 2nd one which I can enjoy peanut ice cream.The weather was so much hot, which made me tired quite fast.If you wanna rent scooters or cars, international driving licenses are required.Peanut ice cream was not that delicious, but you know, what they sell is creativity, not ice cream.
A must-visit destination
An absolutely beautiful island that will take you at least half to a full day to properly explore. Rent a bike or a moped and go around the island, stopping for maybe a burger and the location's signature peanut ice cream. With idyllic beaches and spectacular views it is an unforgettable must-visit destination during Jeju.
Fun and popular
The best way to do U-Do Island is by car or scooter.  Rent a car prior to boarding the ferry and take it across OR walk on to the ferry and rent a scooter on the island.  Fantastic sights and places to eat.
International License is required
Small island - the main road that goes around the island is around 13,8 km. A good way to explore is to rent a vehicle - electric scooter, electric motor cycle, electric bike, or bike - and go as you like. But all the electric is required international driving license.
Beautiful U-Do
Loved this island off Jeju Island!  If you're staying in the Jungmun area, this requires about an hour taxi or car ride to the port where you catch a ferry (15 minute ride) the island. Best to buy a return ticket at the ticket office (the taxi driver helped us to do this, lucky for us as you need to show your ID or passport to buy tickets!).  The sun came out for us and the island was in all its glory - blue skies and blue sea - absolutely worth the trip.  Can easily spend half to one day here. Not sure how it works with the bus options though if you hire a cabin to stay along the bus route.When you arrive at U-Do, there are various bicycles/cars that you can hire (if you bring your driving licence), however, you can easily buy a hop on hop off bus ticket.  The bus driver talks for some of the way during the bus tour but if you don't understand what's going on, it's just as easy to enjoy the view from the window.  Nature is all around.Apart from the surrounding sea and boats, you can see horses and women divers (next to their orange buoys) in the sea.   We also enjoyed a black pork burger, mandarin juice at our first stop and also a peanut ice-cream from Jimmy's.This visit was another one of the many highlights to our trip and I would love to come again!  Pre-teen kids also enjoyed the beautiful breathtaking scenery.
Worth the Visit--Even in the rain
Udo was formed by an volcanic eruption in the 12th century. We took the ferry boat then signed up for a on/off bus tour and it was worthwhile. The bus stopped at 6 different locations to include three beaches (black sand, gold sand and white sand), near the large volcanic mountain that is the hump that makes up Udo (you can walk up  to the top but given the limited visibility, we  didn't), the Udo Museum (free if you are taking the on/off bus), and Biyang-dong (a small island off of Udo). Because of the weather we did not swim at the beaches but the other attractions were worthwhile, especially Biyang-dong. We were told that because of the rain there weren't the crowds that you normally have on Udo. There are plenty of good restaurants as well. If the weather had permitted, we would have rented bicycles and  ridden around the island (apx 14 KM). I would plan for just over a half day.Costs: Ferry apx 10,000 won per person round tripBus tour: apx 6,000 won per per person (one complete circuit)
Cycling around the beautiful island
We hired bicycles at a shop adjacent the pier and cycled around the whole island. Along country roods, there were many scenic spots, mostly adjacent to the sea,  where we could take pictures. Besides, there were many cafes and kiosks where we could dine and rest.  Cycling around the island in a relaxing pace took about 3 to 4 hours. It was a very good experience.
A inexpensive way to spend half a day!
A cheap half-day activity. Udo Island was the perfect little get-away. We took a nice little ferry ride over to the island and rented peddle bikes to ride around. (You must have an international driver's license, however they took just our American driver's license.. depends on who you talk to) Took us about 3 hours to loop the whole thing (with stopping for icecream, a snack, a drink, etc) Beautiful views around very corner. Make sure to stop and get a burger at HAHA HOHO (located on the left around the bend from ferry drop off) it was definitely an Udo highlight as well as their local icecream. Pack some snacks and have a picnic, great spots to stop and enjoy! Friendly NOTE: Bring sunscreen! The sun is brutal!
Circle Island Walk in Udo
Stunning view, especially the beaches. I've chosen to walk around Udo to enjoy every inch of this nice little island. Took me about 5.5 hours (with photo taking) to walk around the island by foot.
Very beautiful place
Ferry ticket only 5500 won. Book a bus tour only 5000 won... remember take the red and white bus.. other color bus need more time wait for bus... very beautiful at the udo head hills
Amazing trip to Udo Island.. MUST GO!!!
We went to Udo island on 27th May 2016. Weather was pretty good and sunny. Udo island is a full one day trip. We took a taxi from our hotel in jeju city to intercity bus terminal. Booked our tickets to Seongsan ferry terminal bus#710. It runs on an interval of 20 minutes. We took our bus at 9.40am. It took us approximately 1hr 30min to reach the terminal. From there, we booked our return tickets for the ferry which takes you to Udo island. Return ticket is valid for the entire day and no specific return time is mentioned on it. So you can spend the day in Udo and take any ferry from Udo back to the terminal. To book ferry tickets first you will need to fill some form lying there on the tables. Then show the filled form at the ticket counter and they will give you the ticket. Ferry runs every 30 mins from the terminal. And it takes 15 mins to reach Udo by ferry. Upon arrival to Udo island, you need to walk for 2 minutes and you will see various vendors for renting bike and bicycles. For renting a bike, you need to have driving license and for foreigners international driving license. We didn't have it, so we booked a hop on hop off tour bus. There were two vendors for the bus tour - red buses and blue buses. Red bus tour vendor offered 5 destinations and blue one offered 4 both at the cost of 5,500KRW per person. We booked the red one as we wanted to cover 5 destinations. Also, red buses were available in abundance and blue buses seemed to be pretty less. Once you book the bus ticket, you need to keep the ticket safely with you for the entire trip as whenever you'll board the bus you need to show it to the driver. So DO NOT lose the ticket. Hop on the bus for your first attraction and on the way you will get to see beautiful Udo island with small and tiny roads and farming everywhere. For going to the next attraction, you can hop on any of the bus as the bus service is really good and arrives every 20 minutes at the attraction point. We loved all the attractions except for the museum which I guess was our 4th attraction on the list. You may also skip any of the attractions by not getting off the bus. We also tried peanut ice cream there which was really good and refreshing. Also, you can take a speed boat ride on one of the attractions. In our list, it was the first attraction point to the beach. They charge 10,000KRW for speed boat per person and take you to eight scenic views. We also located so many dophins in the sea which was so exciting. After all the attractions are covered, bus will drop you back to the ferry terminal and while boarding the bus driver will finally collect your ticket.All in all, a memorable and a pleasant trip for us. Just avoid going there on a rainy day. Good luck!!! :)
U-island
Udo, literally " Cow Island" in Chinese, has this name because it looks like a cow lying down. The whole of Udo is a lava plateau.
Go see the Udo women divers
We rented bikes, very old bikes... and toured the island.  It is easy to do so and there is lots to see.  We arrived at 11am and saw the Udo women divers out collecting seaweed and shellfish.  By afternoon they had seaweed drying all over the island.  There were lots of picnic spots, coffe shops, and other forms of getting around.  This is a great day trip from Jeju or you can stay on island.Not alot of English spoken but did run into a couple of people in coffee shops that spoke English.  We didn't mind.  All signage is in English so it is still easy to get around.
Easy to get lost
Though Udo is a small island, no matter you are renting bicycle/moto or even treking, its easy to get lost especially those tourists with limited Korean. So, just share my experience, make sure where you are onboard the island. There are 2 ports, please check the leaflet the ticket office pass to you. It helps to fix all troubles or uncertain durinf Udo trip.GPS is not quite user friendly there. When you clear the starting point, basically you can follow the simple map. Pls remind that you can use return ticket depart from either ports. Don't be panic. Check the leaflet again, don't throw it away! Enjoy, really a nice place and recommend to stay 1 night in the island too!
Relaxing Island
Loved my visit here. It is one of the most relaxing islands that I've visited. Food's great and driving around the island is a pleasant experience. They have nice cafes and sceneries along the coastal road. getting around is easy with a car.
A must visit place ....
Such a beautiful small island. You can reach Udo island by ferry then there are buses available in the island to move you around. Try their peanut and orange ice cream. Personally, I like thier peanut ice cream very much. Highly recommended.
excellent
came here through booking a tour with driver Mr Ann. highly recommend him and this place. This place is highly scenic and great if you do not have time to complete long trails in mount hallasan.
Udo, a Daebak little island
Unfortunately, it rains during the day of our visit. Nevertheless, we have a great time exploring the island by udo tour bus. Have a very tasty creamy seafood pasta and peanut ice cream by udo Prince. Will visit again and explore by cycling or motor buggy.
Biking around Jeju Island
Welcome to the Beautiful UDO, thats the word that will welcome all guest who will travel to this small island. I rent a bike for 10,000 Korean Won  (3 Hours) and I only used it for an Hour lol. There's a lot of thing to do andnsee in Udo and dont miss it. Ill be back soon.
Too crowded with all sort of vehicles
Someone told me Udo is beautiful, so it's in my wish list when I visit Jejudo. I went there on Saturday (7.5.2016). At the harbour, there are many different type of transportation vehicles for rent to travel Udo, so, basically the narrow road at Udo is full of vehicles, no matter is two wheel, three wheel or four wheel. I did the Olle trail 1.1, travel on foot, it was frustrated and irritating when need to walk together with so many types of vehicles, noisy and crowded. But, luckily the trail does divert some part of the trekking route which is away from the vehicle road, hiking up to the light house hill and also farm house and farming area.
Another beautiful island near Jeju
We got there around 4:30pm in the afternoon (last ferry boat leaves the Udo island at 5:50pm, unless you are staying overnight) so we didn't have too much time to explore, however, the electric car ride was fun (two seater $15/hr) to cruise around the island, must check out the Light house and Park. The best time to go there is in April/May when all the flowers and trees are in full bloom.
Great for sightseeing
To go there: take bus #710 bound for Sheongsan Ferry Terminal. You have to tell the driver where you're going before boarding the bus. Buy a ferry ticket from the ticket counter (5,500₩ - round trip).We were there on 2nd May ~11am, the weather was windy but there was sunlight. We bought tickets for hop in and out bus from the ferry terminal. It will take you to 4 different attractions on the island, we only managed to enjoy the first 2 because it started raining (good thing we don't have an international licence, because u can rent a motorbike there too), and it was already windy, so the cold was too much for us. But I would recommend this place. Come once you're here, come at least once. I love the view. Too bad it was raining so we have to keep our trip short.
Wonderdul and beautiful getaway
Udo is gorgeous and so relaxing. You can just rent a bike, they also have electric bikes and they are so easy and comfortable to ride. And on your own pace, go around the whole island in 2 to 3 hours, taking pictures, stopping by to enjoy beautoful scenary. I loved spending half a day, where you can enjoy natural beauty and simple life without big buildings, traffic or noise. Just a short ferry ride from the port in east jeju.
Only with good weather in the package
We were lucky with the weather to visit the place, and it is important because during the rain it might not be so attractive.The nature is very beautiful, you will take good pictures for sure.We took a small electric car (for 2 people), but it was comparatively expensive for only 2,5 hours. It is possible to go around the island during that time but only without staying at all tourist points. Moreover, you cannot really enjoy the trip because of being in hurry.All Korean suggested to try peanut and mandarin ice-cream, that we did. Again the price was high, and mandarin one was so sweet that make us to put it in trash right away.People in the island are friendly, and even offer to pick us up to some places by car and shown the shortest way.Taking a boat to see caves was the best experience during the whole travel. For only 10 000 won you will have a lot of fun as the boat goes so fast, and definetly amazing view on the island.
Beautiful scenery
Breathtaking views, beautiful weather, awesome photo-ops, cool ferry ride! Make sure to take the bus tour($5pp). I found it was more convenient to hop on and off as you please instead of riding a bike or scooter, and you just use your tickets to hop on another bus. They don't speak English, so go with a friend if you can. Out taxi driver was nice enough to help us get our ferry tickets and suggested we take the bus tour.
Choose the right weather for visit
Do not plan your visit to the island if the weather is rainy. You will need your passport or driving license if you want to rent a bicycle, bike or any other vehicle. It will take you 3-4 hours to go around and see the island.
Udo
You have to go. It takes 15 min to go udo from seongsanpo by ferry. Beautiful sea beautiful vilage. You can see Emerald sea.
Small and Fun Island
Visited here as part of my tour package. There is a ferry that can transport cars and people to the island. Upon reaching the island, we took a bus tour n brings us to a few locations. The most memorable one will be the hike up to the lighthouse. Tiring but fun and you can see the great ocean around. Took slightly more than a half day of tour in this island and it's fun :)
Mixed review
Udo is a beautiful island by itself but due to the time constrain we had, we didn't had time to digest the beaches and scenic views. We had always wanted to rent an ATV there and even applied for international driving license as advised by many reviewers, however, we were greatly disappointed as the rental places only rent ATV to holders of Korean driving license. IDL are not accepted so don't waste money to apply for one. We rented electric bike in the end but had a dispute with the rental store nearest to the udo habour. One of our electric bike tyre went burst as the tyres were already old and the store owner wanted us to pay. We had an disagreement as the tyres when rented to us were already worn out. I must attribute to miscommunication as the people at udo are not conversant in English nor mandarin. We beared half the cost only after calling udo police to mediate the situation. But not much help from the police who told us to "go home". Quite a memorable experience for us though.
Good for a short drive.
We went to udo island in ferry with our car inside the ferry. That was a good experience. Island is nice, but the attractions are not so breathtaking as explained. Can visit once. Beach was good. And the electric small 2-seater rental car was nice.
Graduation trip with my friends!
We rode a road bike and it was so exciting! I will not forget the memories of Udo with my friends. It was so beautiful (the beaches), and I loved the friends there!
must-go
nice view everywhere. took the ferry and saw people feeding the birds. took the bus tour but seems more fun taking the ATV which many young people are taking. we took the speed boat at udo peak area and was quite fun & exciting. can spend at least half a day in udo.
A very relaxing day at the islande
spent a long day in Udo - so idyllic and relaxing.  There are endless seaside beaches, cliffs, cafes, ...  Just drive your own car there (via car ferry - costed us 32k Won) for a small car and 2 pax, or rent one of the bikes, motor tricycles (very cute), and just drive and stop anywhere (almost) you like and take photos, drink coffee, or just doing nothing and daydreaming. Excellent scenery, food- freshest seafood, burgers, ..... How nice to spend a day.
An interesting day trip!
We drove our car over to Udo Island via a ferry. It was a great experience. A tip for drivers to head for the parking at the jetty as you have to fill in a form with your particulars (car number, drivers details) to purchase a ticket at the tour office. It only takes 15 mins to cross the island and thereafter we drove around. There are no maps so we went one round. It was very crowded being a Saturday so try to go on weekdays. There are a lot of interesting cafes, 4 beautiful beaches, lighthouses, lots of lovely spots for sightseeing and great photos opp. You can also take a speedboat at the black beach or visit the caves. We took the seafood pot with instant noodles for lunch in a local small restaurant. The last ferry was at 6.00pm but maybe earlier on weekdays. Overall, it was a very interesting day trip and we enjoyed ourselves.
Relaxed cycling in Udo
Udo is a small island to the east of Jeju Island - about 1 hour bus from the Jeju Intercity Bus Terminal to Cheng Shan Port and take another 15 mins on a ferry to Udo.  Udo offers a beachside road around the island.  If you have an international driving license, you can rent a small electri car to drive around the island, if not, you can still rent a eletri bicycle or use local bus.  There are many restaurant and cafes along the beachside road.  Sometime you can see a small white sand beach between those dark volcano rocks.
Get to enjoy both ocean and hills
Transportation to the island: rent a car to drive there, or get 4 people to share a cab (costs around 50,000 won from jeju city). There's also the bus option but I wouldn't recommend as its not the easiest to navigate around the ferry pier. Then take the ferry which leaves every one hour, costs around 5500 won. The ferry is a short ride, only ten mins away! Transportation within the island: the shuttle bus costs only 5000 won, pretty convenient, and it'll take you to the main 4 spots. There's also option of ATV and car rental, which id recommend ATV since its mostly single-lane roads on the island. Food: everyone wanna try the peanut flavored ice cream but I found it's extremely mediocre. It's not 'peanut flavored' but just normal ice cream with peanut powder sprinkled. Save your stomach for the seafood pot! Although not the cheapest I've had, but still pretty worth a try! Get the option with octopus cook on the table if you can stomach the scene (I know lots of my friends can't). A lot of light walking you can do around the island, the weather was still quite cold so we couldn't get into the water. I love that you can go hill climbing at one spot and the dip your toes into the (chilly) ocean the next.
Beautiful offshore island
Taking the shuttle bus around the island was convenient and easy. Visting the island on a nice sunny day is a must!
Peanut ice cream, peanut bread and fresh seafood
We rented an ATV at the ferry drop off, (an international driving permit is necessary), the clockwise drive around the coast was easy and dotted with many eateries and cafes. Stopped at mulko's house for some excellent seafood lunch, then picked up peanut ice cream near the bottom of the udobong trail. There's peanut rice wine and peanut bread available as well. Took 11am ferry over and 2pm ferry back. Highly recommended
Wonderful place to visit
Wonderful place to visit when in Jeju island. That said, you must be ready to do lots of walking and climbing. Make sure you got the right attire.
Nice place to visited
The Udo island is one must visit place in Jeju trip, you can easy to explore the whole island by using bus purchase one ticket or rent a motorbike.
An island endowed with natural beauty
From Jeju City Local Bus Terminal, take bus #701, stop at Seongsan Port. It takes 90mins, 3300won.Fill up the boarding form for the ferry, before you proceed to buy the ferry ticket at the counter. Round trip charges 5500won, which takes 10mins per trip. Expect a lot of visitors during weekends or public holidays.At Udo, there are shops offer rental of bicycles, ATV, automatic scooter, etc. which can accommodate every one either youths, elders or children.You could enjoy cycling around the island the best during a windy chilling day.When I think of Udo, I will remember the kindness of restaurant owner of 돈올레 해물촌. When I was eating, I accidentally hit my dental braces with the spoon, and I was rubbing to ensure it was alright. The ajumma approached me and asked me what happened, I showed her my braces, and she was quick-witted to get scissor to cut banchan into smaller pieces, while cutting, she repeatedly saying "ottoke ottoke".. I was really grateful to her, and I enjoyed the lunch well.
Great seafood, wonderful seaview, friendly islanders
We drove our rented car onto the ferry which took us to Udo in 15 minutes. If the weather hadnt been so cold, we would have tried the fun looking electric scooters. We stumbled into a seafood restaurant to the left of the ferry terminal and enjoyed a sumptuous seafood kimchi hotpot. Ordering was not a problem as the service staff spoke mandarin. The place was an obvious favourite with locals. We spent 4 hours exploring various sites and even got lost. A friendly local policeman kindly pointed us the right way. We stopped by quaint coffeeshops and hugged their cute puppies. We were reluctant to leave this idyllic tiny island.
Great hiking and adventure!
We started with a speedboat tour around the island. This was so much fun, because it's in an inflatable boat, and it goes super fast! My husband is Korean and told me to hold on with both hands. I am a Floridian so I thought I have done this before, but no! Hold on with both hands! The water are very rough there. You got to see the dragon head rock formation, the elephant rock formation, and the moon cave. He stops briefly to let you take pictures but I suggest a water proof camera with a strap so it does fly away or get wet.Then we went to look at all the restaurants. We took a bus to the middle of the island so we could hike to the light house. The hike was awesome the lighthouse was eh, okay. But the sights along the way we're really cool. The nature, and the ocean below was beautiful
Must Visit Place in Jeju
Udo, is a small island located on the east side of Jeju Island. You can get there by taking a boat (around 20min) on the east side of Jeju. you can also bring your vehicle onto the boat and bring it to Udo.The island is quite big that you cannot walk around the island by feet. If you are not bringing your own vehicle, you can rent a ride near to the harbor BUT you need to have a driver's license. So prepare an international driver's license maybe (I am not sure if they accept international license though:( )There is also a bus that goes around the island and once you buy a ticket near the harbor, you can get off from the bus and get back into any bus without any extra charge.The sight around the island is beautiful. You can stop your vehicle at any time and enjoy and take photos.
What you will expect in Jeju
I came to Udo on my 4th day in Jeju and it was the spotlight of my trip. I love the island itself and everything about it. You can rent a bicycle or a motorbike to go around the island. I didnt bring my licence so you didnt let me rent the motorbike even I told them that I am Vietnamese, I really can drive ( in Korean ) =)) It was a funny conversation, but I end up with riding the bicycle for 4 hours .. quite tired but amazing place and worth to visit.I went to Korea alone, and my days in Jeju was quite boring but Udo made my trip more memorable ^^
Excellent views!
So happy we took the time to make the climb.  It's a lot of stairs to the top, so I would suggest you take along some water, and possibly some snacks, so you can take a rest part way up.There is one way up, and another down, which keeps things moving quickly.
I want to revisit
Great to hang out with a scooter. Many scenic views and nice small restaurants and artist. It is really young place that I didn't expect at the beginning.
A great place to spend the day
This place is great, fresh seafood sold at the coast, seeing the sea ladies in action (we were lucky and saw her catching an octopus with a fork like stick) and beautiful scenery of the coast, sea and land. It's a short boat ride over from the main island, then one could choose to take their bus at a fee, which will stop by 4 or 5 stops near the beach, cliff, etc  then bring u back to the starting point. Alternatively, you could rent a motorbike or four wheel drive. For the latter, one needs an international driving licence. One thing that's everywhere is their peanut ice cream, basically soft serve with peanut powder. Also, there's grilled cuttlefish everywhere.
Excellent Scenery
If you are traveling alone, not planning to ride a bicycle or rent a car on the island, you can buy a local tour bus ticket. The price varies as they are several bus company. The local tour bus stops at several highlights of the island. The bus driver will introduce and talk about the island (in Korean). The scenery is excellent, a must-visit-place in Jeju. You need to spare at least 4 hours for U-do Island.
Worth the effort
Take a ferry from Seongsan, jump on a bicycle for the day and peddle round stopping at all the attractions. It's only 1.5hrs to cycle at a slow pace round the entire island so easily done via a day trip from Seongsan or even Jeju City if you got up early. We stayed on the island itself but truth be told there's not much added value, just do a great fun day trip / cycle - and we are very much NOT cyclists by the way!
Fun way to explore island
Udo island is a small island at east of Jeju Island. It is named after cow because of its cow alike shape. Once you reached the island, you are able to find few bike rental shop. You can rent a electrical scooter with roof or normal scooter to tour around the island. Bare in mind the speed limit is 30 km/h. Most of the rental shop offer two hours rental only. Generally, it should be sufficient if you don't linger at each place too long. Do try the peanut ice-cream as the island is famous for peanut plantation. Get your camera ready as there are many beautiful scenaries to take photos.
Way more beautiful!
We went there by car that we brought from jeju. It's really beautiful nevertheless. 1 day is enough to tour all of it. If you want to try horseriding, there's some that offer price 5000 won per ride, while others 10k won. There's many place that offer horseriding, so if you want to save your budget without sacrifing the experience, walk some more to find cheaper ones.Try the Hallasan fried rice! It's really worth it!
Scenic
We decided to take the ferry to Udo at the last minute. We could have taken the rented car but decided not to. That was a right decision in my view. We took the hop on hop off bus and visited most of the tourist attraction. Be mindful of the bus schedule. Most people don't understand or speak English so one has to be patient. The scenery was lovely and the island unadulterated. I recommend to spend half a day here - just relax. The island is well known for peanuts which I find quite expensive. We had seafood ramen and abalone porridge. Yummy!
MUST to visit if you are in Jeju
for one day trip, from the city, it's easy to take a bus to the pier, you can ask your hotel or guest house about timetables for buses.Get there early and when you arrive you will find a lot of people renting bikes and motorcycle and tuk-tuk and ATV. However, they ask for international licenses but you can show them any licenses some of them will accept, try with more than one store.for the motorcycle was 25,000 KRW for 3 hours.
Sweet miniature island with sweeping views.
Circumnavigated this little island on a bike in an afternoon, and it was a lovely excursion. The older culture is still somewhat alive (weeding through the tourist stops), but even the bitsy coffee shops are endearing. Bicycle is the way to see this place, for sure!
Beautiful place Udo
Take a boat is convenient from Jeju to Udo (we were driving , the boat is able to carry the car) only 30 minutes boat, then arrive at Udo. We drive along the coste road, stopped by the hill, it is a 30 mins climbing, once reach the top you can have a overview of this Island  We literally turned around the island by car. Tried sea food abalone and some shellfish. It was very good experience. We star at 11.30am boat to Udo and finished at 4pm to take boat back to Jeju main land. It can be a 3-4 hours visit.
Cozy round island
You can imagine: blue sky, strong wind and black shore.  Lots of shops and restaurants around the small island.  Locals can hire a small motorcar but for foreigners without local driving licence, bicycles seem to be the only choice.  It takes about 3 hours to finish the round-island cycling with adequate sightseeing.
UDO Island
We took a cab from Ramada Plaza for 30,000 wan. It took about half an hour. The bus home 710 was great and took an hour. 3000 wan. The island was good fun. We cycled the island stopping along the way to see things. The elder diving women were really cool. Sad to see the garbage around from the sea :( Udo is in such a highly populated area of the world garbage is a big problem. It makes me want to really try to become green at home in Canada.
Beautiful island!
You can easily spend a half or full day sightseeing around the island. They have tour buses which will take you around to the major sights but I'd recommend renting a bike. There are heaps of places to rent bikes from after you get off the ferry. You'll need an international license to rent a scooter or ATV. But there are no serious hills in the island so (if you're there in fall/spring with fair weather) I'd really recommend a bicycle. It was so lovely cycling around the island and easily jumping on and off my bike to snap pictures.The bike rental was 4 hours for 10,000 won. They shop will give you a map of the island with tours and sightseeing locations on it. Although you don't really need it as you basically just cycle the seaside road. Don't forget your camera or to eat the famous peanut ice cream!
Future Style Tourism
Loved it. Great cycling route. 16km can be done in less than an hour. But take a break to enjoy a coffee or some delicious food and just enjoy the food. If you want to test out future tourism, take one of the available electronic scooters.
Scenery is as good as Jeju-do
Loved the ferry ride to the island, it was about 30 mins if not less. You can take the bus tour of the island, but the driver (also the tour guide) speaks Korean only. ^^
Biking around the peaceful island
I went to Udo with a group of friends. It was really nice, we went around the island with rented bicycles (10.000 KRW for the afternoon). We swam in an incredibly clear water.I recommend going to Sunrise peak afterwards, walking along the coast gets you there in 15 min and seeing the sunset was an amazing experience.
GREAT LOCATION!
Seriously, just go UDO island to experience a different feel as the island is quite small. I managed to complete a circle with my rental vehicle within 1-2 hours. There's quite a lot of spots that you can get down and walk. (fuel will drain quite a lot as there's quite a number of up-slope)
Something different
My first time to Korea focusing on Jeju and Seoul. Generally I would think the overall experience to South Korea is kind of over rated. I expected more based on the comments from friends, reviews by travellers and most importantly seeing it in Korean Dramas.Udo island is an exception, it gave me the best experience in the entire 8-day trip, except the weather wasn't too good on my day trip to Udo. Rented a bike to travel almost the entire island which i think is the best mode to explore remote areas without using too much energy.  Hopping up and down to take photos by the beach, colorful cafes, yellow canola fields, uphill and downhill.Unforgettable squid volcano rice was one of its kind and one of the most satisfactory meal in the entire trip.
Lovely Udo
I have spend a week on Jeju Island in September, and of my Highlights was Udo. I had time only for a day trip, and if I ever make it back to Jeju, my priority will be to spend at least one night there. Its such a lovely, small and relaxed place. From Seongsan its only 15 minutes to Udo by Ferry. There, you can take the local bus that runs along the island, you can rent small tuk-tuks / quad bikes / scooters or bicycles, you can join a tour (I think only in Korean) or you can walk (like I did, but then of course you dont get to cover the whole island).
Awesome Island....
We took a car passenger ferry to to Udo island from Jeju. This a small but beautiful island. We drove around the island and try some fresh seafood.
Beautiful view
To get to this island, one has to fill in a form and pay for the fees. All is convenient and easy peasy. Then, the ferry ride is quick. We opted for a bus tour. The tour was in Korean and we couldn't understand a thing but considering it is one of the easiest method to get around the island,we just go along with it. We would like to ride one of those adorable scooters but we don't own an international license. Overall a good experience.
Beautiful U-do! My favourite in Korea!
yes, it is beautiful! you can either cycling, riding ATV or follow a bus tour to go around Udo. I paid 5000won for the bus tour which started from the jetty. Many tour buses going around the 4 main attractions, you can simply hop on hop off the tour bus. The first stop which brought us to a hill had a magnificient view from the peak. Don't give up hiking up to the peak! The beaches in Udo are amazingly beautiful, different tone of blue and green sea water, white sandy beach and fresh seaweed grown on the rocks. Love U-do for being so nature and awesome!
Wonderful  Island
I visited here with my family, so we drived our rental car. But if you don't have an international license, then rent a bike or motorcycle.You can rent it in a reasonable price.There are 5 bus stations here and those are nice sights.There is a beach in two sights and one of them is a popular site for jet boat.And the other one is popular for water leports.And whole Island is a heaven for riders.If you love mountian bike or road bike, then take your bike to this island.This is a perfect place for cycling.And there are many nice restaurant and dessert cafe, so enjoy yourself here.
Great place to explore by foot- check out the temple too!
Loved this island, I recommend exploring it by foot.  We interviews the monk the temple for our film "Jeju: A Bicycle Adventure" and he was super kind and served us coffee and drink.
A tiny island with flavor
After parking the rental car at Seongsan Harbor, we hopped on the ferry (KRW 1,500) to cross over to Udo. Upon alighting from the ferry at Cheonjinhang Harbor on Udo, we headed to the Udo Tour Bus counter and got ourselves a ticket each (KRW 5,000). The whole tour is conducted in Korean. Not a single hint of English but it was enjoyable. The bus driver was also the tour guide, telling us about the significance of each stop. He'd stop for 20 minutes at each place of interest and if you do not hop back on, fret not, you may hop on the other tour buses. Keep your ticket stub.The whole tour took about 2 hours. The village roads were really interesting. If I visit Jeju again, I would want to stay overnight at Udo. The atmosphere is good, the air is fresh, people are nice.
3 hours Udo island trip
It is a small island. we took the boat from Jeju. In a lobby full of Korean people, speak no English or Chinese. It was a bit challenge for me. ;) helpful enough, when I tried to talk to the ticket officer, she spoke a little Chinese. The boat took around 15 min. it is a pretty simple boat, with both people, and cars. with 30 min. time interval.Landing on Udo, we chose the red bus tour. 4 stops. the first stop is the best place I should say. Brilliant view! sea with sea wind. And there are some bars and restraunts where you could take a seat and rest.The rest of the 2-3 stops, are normal. On the bus, the driver were saying in Korean languange, which we do not understand at all. But we heard laugh from time to time, which we believe everyone else enjoyed the drivers speech.It is a good short stay. sun shine is strong, get prepare with some protections.
Mini-Jeju! Best for cycling!
Udo is a mini-Jeju, with traditional elements such as stone walls, farms, female divers and ocean cliffs all compressed into a much more manageable area. I rented a bicycle with a basket from an old ahjussi for 4000krw (3 hours). His stall, or rather tent, was located just at the ferry terminal. There are shops across the street that rent out bicycles, scooters and motorcycles.Cycling around Udo was a breeze. It was mainly flat terrain with some gentle slopes here and there. You will ride past white sandy beaches, rocky pools, farms, stone walls, female divers, cute puppies and cafes. Remember to grab some peanut ice cream, the island’s specialty.For more information and pictures on Udo, visit my travel blog https://honjatravel.wordpress.com/2015/07/24/top-5-favourite-places-in-jeju/
Favorite Place in Korea
Udo isn't for everyone and I actually wish that a lot fewer people would visit because the island can get crowded with tourists in cars or on ATVs and scooters. I have lived in Korea 2.5 years and travelled extensively during my time here. I will be going back for my 4th visit next week, each visit for no less than 2 nights. The snorkelling is great especially in places that most Koreans deem "too dangerous" simply because the water is deep. There is one of the best raw fish restaurants in Korea on this little island. The sea surrounds you and the sights are lovely in every direction. There really isn't a lot to do on the island which is exactly why I love it. Sea. Seafood. Sights. It is all amazing.
Peaceful & Beautiful Udo
Very peaceful place that must be visited when you are in Jeju.  When you arrive in Udo, you can join the mini bus tour after getting off the ferry.  Of course, you can also rent the motorbike and drive around.  Be aware of the ferry time going back to the City.  It was definitely a highlight of my Jeju trip. xx
Little Bit of Everything
Udo is an island very close from Jeju-do. It's next to Seongsan-ilchul-bong, which is also famous. It takes about 15 minutes by boat from Seongsan port. You pay for entrance to the island with the boat fare. The usual course seems to be walking up the hill in Udo, Gummerlae, and checking out the lighthouse surrounded by lots of stones stacked on top of each other for wishes to come true. The weather was perfect when we went, very sunny :)
Relaxing Udo Island
We went around the island via a three- wheel vehicle we rented for two hours.  It was definitely a nice view going around, a lot of attractions to see, white beach with very deep blue water, lighthouse, mountains, cliff, and the island was almost in a very vibrant color of yellow due to the rapeseed flowers blooming that spring time. We also chanced upon old women divers, which were popular in the island. We had lunch and tried one of specialty in the restaurant which was sea urchin seaweed soup! It has a very nice flavor and very filling.  We also ate peanut ice cream!
Island full of small adventures
I heard about Udo Island from a few of the other ladies I was traveling with. They had seen pictures and couldn't wait to visit. I tagged a long for some good fashion outdoor fun. We rented bikes for the afternoon and took a ride around the island. The weather was perfect and we were able to see some great scenery. We visited a couple of the beach places and were able to take incredible pictures. We took a ferry ride over and it was amazing. Getting tickets and filling out paper work to take the ferry was incredibly easy and everyone was very helpful on the island. We were able to eat some great seafood and awesome ice-cream. Great spot to visit!
Little slice of Korean paradise!
Taking a quick ferry ride will bring you to a breathtaking place called Udo Island. Rocky coasts, beautiful beaches, and crystal clear waters are what you will find on this little farming and fishing island. I decided to rent a bike on my trip and wander around the coastline. In my opinion, it was the best way to see the island. Amazing photo opportunities and tons of places to get some fresh seafood along the way. The clear and shallow water is great for children to play in. Tons of little tidal pools as well. Biking allowed you to be outside and experience the people and the culture of the island. It is probably not a place for people that do not enjoy the outdoors or those that are afraid of a little bit of exercise!
Some Will Loathe this, Others will 'Lurve' this Island!
Udo Island, a small volcanic island 10 minutes by ferry from Jeju Island. A day out on this island can be a bore to those who have no affinity to the outdoors, particularly that of the sea.But if you love the care-free life of roaming from one sandy beach to another rocky one. In between with lots of coastal features to be awed by, then this is the little paradise on earth.Udo is an island which allows you to go the entire distance around the coastal roads, in under 4 hours, including stops for pictures, strolls, ice-cream, desserts and of course a whole host of meals.  There are rugged, rocky coastlines and little stretches of sandy beaches with emerald waters.Getting from point to point on the island is very easy, either on bicycles, rental motorbikes and scooters. Mainlainders can ferry in their car for their own pleasure. We rented a motor-scooter for 25, 000 Won for just over 4 hours. The rental is for 2 hours (Won 25000)
Cute island
I have just come back from Udo and i am happy i decided to go there.originaly it was  not in my plan. Based in Jeju-si I took bus710 (3300¥) to Seogsan port,1h20min drive. Then ferry (return ticket 5500¥) 20min. I rent bicycle (8000¥/3hours) and start Udo tour around the cost. It is 18km around island so if you are in hurry it is possible to make it much faster 1.5h enough. I also made a couple of detours inside island to see how people live. Everything is small and cute there:roads,houses,fields,fences made of stones.I recommend to climb Udo hill -nice view from there and climb is easy. It was sunny day and i get sunburned so please do not forget sunblock cream. It is windy island and one doesn't  feel is being sunburned.
Living in a K-drama!
We love this place!!! It is so so so so so so so beautiful! Travelled with my hubby and 2 kids and took the earliest ferry to Udo. The ferry we took is those that doesnt come with seats and we have to sit on the floor like the Koreans do. Rented 2 scooters and rode the around the entire island for 2 hours with our kids sitting behind us. It is really safe to ride but you need to make sure you have your international driver license with you before you can rent a scooter. My hubby doesnt know how to ride a scooter, but no worries, simple instructions and quick lessons were given and within 10 mins we were off to our adventure. Though it was winter when we visited, the wind did not stop us from visiting every checkpoint to take photo and of coz, eating the famous peanut icecream. I really felt like I had jumped into a K-drama, especially when I have my Oppa with me, haahaa! It was quite cold so we din manage to get into the water. But already we had spent like 4 hours just wondering around the island. The fun part was to get lost into some residents farms and got directed to get onto the right path. The sceneries are breathtaking! I cant describe better. Really beautiful. Definitely highly recommended, even for people with young kids!
Pleasant place
This island is like a mini-Jejudo. You can see entire Seongsan Ilchubon from this island. This place is more relaxing and peaceful than Jeju-do, a bit off-touritst path compared to other places. I like the view at Udobong at its atmosphere. Which I had more time, so I can bike around the island.
Extremely Near To Jeju-Do; A Must Visit Indeed.
I stayed at Ojo Haenyo Guesthouse area, hopped on a taxi to get to the port to Udo. The port is actually very near but I chose not to walk there. Paid less than KRW4000 for the taxi, cheap indeed.Bought a return ticket at less than KRW6000, ran towards the ferry that was about to leave for Udo, and in less than 30 minutes, we reached beautiful Udo. In case you're wondering, the ferry ride is too short to get motion-sickness :pIt rained during my short trip to this island so I didn't rent a bicycle. Instead, I got on the hop-on hop-off bus, the ticket was about KRW5000 or so. Super cheap. But the driver/tourist guide spoke only in Korean. But no worries, I did enjoy the tour.I managed to walk up to the lighthouse, had the famous peanut ice-cream overlooking a gorgeous view of the beach and a cliff, I also went to one of the beaches there. Udo is as gorgeous as Jeju. There are nice cafes with free wifis. Street food, local food, souvenirs; Udo is small but it has everything for visitors. Do wear good walking shoes, bring a ponco with you, and get on the last ferry if you can as this island is beautiful!!
must visit
we've been Udo island on the day 2 at Jeju Island after hiking to Sunrise Peak Seongsan Illchulbong. we going to the port by walking about 15 minutes from Illchulbong, and takes ferry only for 11.000W returns. the ferry takes 15 minutes to island and schedule every 10 minutes. We have only for 3 hours at the island before going back, so we chose to hiking Udo peak. takes 40 minutes - 1 hours to reach the peak, just follow the path. really recommend to going Udo island, very beautiful scenery of Seongsan Illchulbong and the cave.You also can rent a bike for around the island or motorbike if you have international license. Or shuttle bus.
Worth the visit
Udo was a really fun trip! We rent a bicycle and went around the beautiful island. You able to see beautiful scenary and how local people living their lives (houses and farming) . Restaurant is everywhere and easy to get food. Thought it would be super expensive since its in an island..but its not. Ferry was pretty easy and fast (10-15mins) too. You can easily soend 2-3 hours here. Highly recommended !
Cute little island
Ride a scooter around this island. You will not regret it! Also have a burger at the place in the northern part of the village, it's pretty good for asian standards.
Do visit if you have time
It is better to travel the island by bike.The seafood there was good and cheap but the beach was not very suitable for swimming.
Unwinding in Udo
When you come to Jeju, you have to go to the lovely island of Udo. It is very touristy, but it still has much to offer and so many lovely views. The Udo icecream experience from the bluffs to the kind people, interesting black sand beaches, breath taking views, suje burger (in ho ho ho restaurant, even the ferry ride is an experience... grab some beers and enjoy the ride. We ferried over our rental (₩26,000) for two pax to a grand total of ₩37,000; it's ₩5,500 a piece for a single passenger on the ferry roundtrip. They have little buggies for rent there as well, they are the real danger for anyone driving on Udo. But its an overall lovely little place and be prepared to go full selfie mode there because every view is amazimg.
Quaint and Beautiful!
This is a great little island for relaxing! Be sure to rent a bicycle in order to explore everything, as walking would take most of the day. There are a few nice cafes and restaurants along the coast, but mostly, I recommend buying yourself a can of Cass beer and sitting near the sea to enjoy the views.
Peaceful gateway
Perfect place for renting a bike and it takes about 1.5 to 2 hours to paddle around the island. Coffee shops and attranctions along the way.
A great view of the greens and horizon, away from the bustling city
Drove to Udo island on a self-drive trip and took ferry from Seongsan pier in the morning. It was easy driving in Udo island - it was a tiny island and there weren't many tourists around. While strolling up Udo-bong, saw a group of physically challenged students brought to Udo-bong by their teachers. A very heart warming sight. There isn't anything much to do yet if you are interested in exploring the nature (like I do), it is a good place to spend a morning just feeling the nature.
good place to watch canola flowers
drove there via ferry car ferrying services. Was a little confused on where to purchase the tickets but just follow the crowd. Paid about 30000 won for car and 2 paxs to get across the island. When I arrived at the island, it was very windy and it really felt cold! However, I enjoyed the fresh air and flower fields there!
Fun day trip
I went when the canola flowers (rape flowers) were blooming. It was overcast and cold but dispite that the 4 of us had a great day. I love the peanut jam and bought some to take home. The ice cream was ok but I think I would have liked it more if the weather was sunny and hot. We hired scooters to get around and I would recommend others to do the same.
Nice place to spend a day
The island is windy. Quite convenient to go around as there's shuttle bus with blue and red route that bring you around the island. The bus driver will narrate in Korean to explain the places, although we don't understand but is a fun trip to go along with mostly korean. The field grows full of canola flowers (yellow), very beautiful. Also, with nice cliff with plunging waves, good place to take pictures. The water is clear blue at the beach. Unfortunately, we only planned for half day trip so we can only complete the blue route. So, best to plan for a day as it probably takes you full day to admire the scenery.
great day
In good weather you can spend the whole day there. Beautiful island with nice views. You can rent a bike and cycle around the island .
Windy Island
Windy Island15 minute taking ship from Sungsan dock to Woo-do, it’s really convenience to visit there.The road were well maintained and there were variety of vehicles could I used.Before I got there, I heard that the peanut jam is famous and ice-cream made by peanut is good. Some people also strongly said to me ‘you should have Spicy seafood noodle soup(Jjamppong)’. Well, I actually tasted it..so..so..nothing special.Many people recommend me to visit the island woodo, there are not a special place at all.You can take almost everything in Jeju what Woodo can do..
A wasted day trip.
If you have come all the way to Jeju Island it seems quite silly to go the Udo. There really is nothing spectacular about it. Jeju Island has enough to occupy a visitor.
Beautiful beach!
I took a bus tour on Udo. The beaches on Udo are light blue in colour - really amazed me! Would definitely like to go again in summer!
beautiful beach and lighthouse
I like the beautiful beach and lighthouse. Peanut icecream is my favourite. we can see the traditional diving woman swimming to catch sea urchins.
Very lovely island
Very lovely island. But travelling is an issue if you do not have international license to rent the atv. The roads were pretty narrow hence, a little scary to ride bicycle around. Hence the best would be by feeder bus.The seafood noodle, peanut makgeolli and peanut yogurt were fantastic and must try!
Scenic
My partner & I chose park our car at seongsan harbour so we could take the ATV. To our dismay, their ATV can only carry 1 driver. Therefore we rented the sheltered scooter that can sit 2. The rental of that scooter is charged at an exorbitant 15,000krw/hr. We exceed the return time by a mere 20 minutes and had to top up 10,000krw T.T Advise to all: Just drive up your car to the ferry. It's much cheaper than spending so much on a cramp scooter, especially during winter.Aside from the transport misfortune, our day afternoon in udo was well spent, but could be better. We took the 12 noon ferry and reached udo at 12:30pm. Last ferry back to seongsan was 4:30pm. We did not have time to hike up, nor enter the cave. Spent too much time cam whoring to take in every bend of the scenery. The Seobin-baeksa beach is beautiful, surrounded by crystal clear waters.Advise to all: Go in earlier, so cater time for hiking, cam whoring, and chilling by the beach. Must have lunch too, the seafood noodles has the freshest abalone and soup ever.
Rustic Island
Island best explored by driving, ATV or bike rental. Ferry across from mainland Jeju also carries vehicles. Road kinda narrow so one need to be careful, I blew a tyre when my right wheel rammed into a rock or kerb :-(  Lots of climbing if you really wanna explore in-depth. Many small eateries on the island. Very scenic island with lots of photo opportunity. Be wary of last ferry back or you would be stuck there overnight
Nothing much to do there
We went to Udo during the winter season. We decided to take the bus to tour the island. The bus was supposed to stop at 4 points. When we got off at the second stop, we couldn't find the same bus when it was time to head to the next stop so we just took other buses. Transportation aside, Baeksa beach is worth a visit, and peanut ice cream is a must try.
Nice long windy walk
This was really a nice long walk. Will advise to wear good walking shoe. The route was easy to walk just that when the wind come you can feel the wind blowing at you. You have to walk all the way up and you will be able to see the nice surrounding. It was really nice and we really enjoyed it.
Natural
We rented bycicles and ride around (It was about $15 for 2 bycicles) The stones on the beaches were special. We tried the dish of raw fish and noodles in the restaurant where my friend said to have appeared a movie/show. It's near the beach. The fish was fresh but we dont like the taste much. It's a really naturally beautiful place comparing to others in Jeju. You would want to spend half-day there to fully go around the island.
Sweet Serendipity
It's my favourite place in Jeju! It's not just an island as we thought it would be! Rmb to bring along your international license if you are planning to ride any motorised vehicles. We biked around the island which in my opinion allows you to see more attractions. Do time checks regularly as the ferry leaves at around 5pm, note that the timings given on the booklet is not accurate. Had the best Jakk Pong (seafood noodles) on this island near the cave! (just follow the smell) try the peanut ice cream! its better than the hallabong one.
Lovely day out
Had a lovely half-day here. The island is small, but has beautiful beaches, and a tall hill. We rented a scooter and had a slow day driving around, seeing the sights and having our snacks.I'd say it's a fairly good place to take it easy and go at your own place to be close to nature, but not so close that a cafe by the sea isn't too far away.Visited in early November.
Serene
My sister and I went to Udo on a ferry ride after spending a couple of hours at Seongsan Ilchulbong. Because we did not want to go back at dawn, we limited our time to be on the island for about 2-3 hours.It is actually best recommended to spend half a day touring the island either on bus or motorbike. Since we did not have much time, we only walked to the nearby beach which was pretty deserted and that was the best part. Most of the tourist places in Jeju was crowded, but not Udo at the time we were there. The beach was beautiful with small stones and black rocks layering the sand. It was beautiful.There were plenty of cafes within walking distance but we chosed a bench facing the sea in front of a GS25 mart.I love the serenity the island offered. I just wish we had more time to go around the island.
Beautiful
Spent the sun rose moment at Seongsang Ilchulbong, which was a wonderful sight it self. After,  we say in the cafe waiting for the ferry stated to operate. Walk from Seongsan to the Udo ferry terminal for about 20 to 30 mins.Fillup a form with names and contact number, purchased round ticket (do not loose it) and get board, straight forward. Ferry travel the channel for only 15 mins.On Udo island terminal, immediately you find a shop for transport rental: bike,  motor bike, trike, ATV and others.We choose hop on hop off bus. Any bus will drop you to four different spot ONCE,  in the island which was near to an attraction. If you decided to skip the spot you'll still need to wait for the next bus which is another 30 mins. At the last spot you need to showed the bus driver your ferry ticket also.
Udo Island
getting to the jetty might be an issue unless you take a cab. I walk from the sunrise peak and it took me awhile to reach the jetty..if you plan to go a complete circle around island is better you rent a bike or car (you will require to have international license). taking a bicycle is hard.. I rented a bicycle and manage to visit the east side only.. in 3 hours...
Must-visit spot when you come to jeju island
When you visit JEJU island, UDO is a must-visit spot, especially in summer.UDO is a small island next to Jeju island.You can go to UDO by taking a ferry.It takes about 20 minutes and you can load your rent car on a ferry as well.A ferry back and forth between jeju and UDO frequently.The best thing in UDO is to enjoy the swimming in the shell beach.Instead of sand, the beach in UDO has  small stone and shell. Due to the small, round stone and small shell particles, the color of the sea is wonderful.Also you can rent a bike or small 4-wheel motorcycle and enjoy the scene around the island.I visited UDO twice and it was always above my expectation.
Peace and quiet
Rent bikes and escape the tour groups, and you can stop where you like. We found Udo was quieter than the rest of Jeju Island. There are plenty of coffee shops, small eateries and ice cream places. Things to see include lighthouses and beaches - but there is a huge amount of litter around the rocks and headlands.  Peanuts are grown on the island and there was a peanut festival at the ferry terminal when we visited.
Charming little island, but too many tourists
It is probably a bad idea to go round island with the 5000 KRW tour bus - all the 4 stopovers were swarmed with tourists, but with just 2-3 hours to spare, we did not have much choice. First stop was at Udo-bong leading towards the Udo Lighthouse. Next was the Geommeolle Beach with black sand and rocks. The other two were beaches. At the last stop it was a little confusing as to which tour bus to board (to end the tour) as there were apparently 2 ferry terminals, and each terminal would sell tour bus with different docket colours.If we were to come again, we might do the 1.1 Olle Trail, perhaps by bicycle. At some parts of the island it was really picturesque coastline and we saw the haenyeo divers.Sans the big turnout of tourists, Udo will get a better rating definitely.
Cute little island
We road around on our bikes on this cute little island. Wish we had more time. Also wish that they clean up the island a bit. It was a shame that the tourists left so much trash behind.
Interesting
I nice out of the way place. Has some nice quiet beaches. Easy bike, ATV, and scooter rentals. Great peanut ice cream. Little farms everywhere. Short ferry ride.
A Nice Little Getaway
We really enjoyed Udo. It's a small little island located about 30 minutes(ferry ride) off of Jeju. We got to the island with only about three hours before the last ferry was going to leave, so we wanted to pack in all that we could. First, we got some peanut ice cream. Then, we rented bicycles and tooled around the island's coast. It was beautiful and several times as I took in the sights, I kept thinking, "How cool is this? How many people I know will ever get to have this experience?" It was a neat feeling to be exploring a quaint and little-known spot in the world. We found a little beach and cooled off before heading back to the ferry.
Great island,very scenic....
Udo island in jeju is a must see attraction. From jeju have to take ferry to get there, you can take your car or you can go there and take either ATV or Motorbike to tour the island. We had took our rented car since we had bags and baby stuffs. There are many photo spots, beaches , light house etc., across the circumference of the island. A must go place if visited jeju.
Petite but gorgeous island!
Rent a bike (costs about 10,000 KRW / 10 USD for 3 hours) to go around the island. It took me only 2.5 hours to go around with quick rest at one of the coffee shops (about 20 minutes). Take your time and enjoy your ride on Udo!
MUST VISIT
I simply love this place! It's so peaceful and so beautiful. When you arrive the island, u are spoilt for choices in getting around the island. U can travel via car, atv, bike, bicycle or tour buses. I will suggest bicycle. It is really very threaupitic to cycle the whole island which is about 16km. You definitely need more than 4 hours so go as early as you can. The beaches are so beautiful. Water is crystal clear. There arent much shower areas near the beach tho so do think twice if u wana swim at the the beach. Do check out the lighthouse at the top of the mountain too. Udo is famous for their peanut icecream. If you are a fan of peanuts, do go try it.
Great little island
Taking ferry to the island with a car is a little bit pricy, so it's better to get and ATV and go around the island. One hour or two chill hours are enough to go around the whole island.Hey!If you are searching for something cheap but decent, then I would recommend hostel called Galaxy in Seogwipo. I was planning to stay there for one night, as I thought it's yet just another cheap hostel, but ended up staying there for 2 nights. There are some beautiful beaches and food places, so you might want to take it easy..If you want some more information on what you can find on the island, you can check out this video: http://youtu.be/X2RwSnOMgYk?list=UUYEqXBrHobdnJF591_o-vcg
A Great Overnight Getaway
We visited here in the fall during the annual Peanut Festival...yes, peanuts are grown on this island off the east coast of Jeju Island.  Autumn was a good time to visit there because it was cooler and not so crowded.  Our pension owner, Mr. Lee, picked us up at the ferry and drove us to our accommodation, right across the coast road from the famous white coral beach, the only one of its kind in Korea.  The coral beach was beautiful but much smaller than I'd expected and impossible to walk on without closed shoes.  The pension, called The Log House, is not only close to the beach, it is close to a cluster of restaurants and coffeeshops.  It is possible to do a lot of hiking and go up to the lighthouse for a 360 view and to catch the first glimpse of sunrise...which can be spectacular.  Because it was during the Peanut Festival, we could sample peanut wine and other local products, including several types of peanut icecream. We had a great room at the pension, on the corner with great views of the fishing boats and the famous Sunrise Peak crater across the channel.  The pension owner, Mr. Lee, spoke enough English to take care of all our needs.  At other pensions, little to no English is spoken by the staff/owners.  The owner also drove us to the ferry the next day.  Although bikes and ATVs are available for rent, the roads are a bit curvy and narrow for my comfort level.  If you like adventure, go for it!  Be sure to bring your international drivers license.  Enjoy!
Off season tasteless island
We took the ferry from jeju to udo as it was a must see... we went there off season, it might be the reason why we were not impressed by anything on the island, and disappointed for the beaches. must be tried during the tourism season otherwise you will face many closed activities
Love this idyllic lil island off Jeju <3
If you are ever in Jeju-do, you have to make a day trip to Udo... Udo means "Cow Island" - so named because the shape of the island looks like a cow lying down... but try as I might, the island on a map doesn't look like a cow to me, but I guess the ancients who named it looked at things differently from me...  :PYou can drive your Jeju rental car onto the Udo ferry for a fuss free 15min journey over to this lovely island. Once there, you can tour the island by car! There are many beaches you can choose to hangout at, my favourite is Hagosudong beach for it's crystal clear waters and fine white sand. however Koreans aren't really into bikini culture, the Korean women go to the beach in long sleeved t-shirts, hats and umbrellas... So if you wanna sunbathe, you have all that white sand to choose your fav. spot! there are many cafes on Udo for you to grab a burger or sandwich for lunch if you are into western fare and also many restaurants that serve seafood Korean style. The seafood comes from the "Hae-nyo" sea-women who dives around Udo to haul in fresh Abalone, sea-urchin, octopus and the like for our enjoyment. As you tour around the island, you will be able to see these sea-women in action in various parts of the sea. My family and I love the relaxed vibe of this little island. In Udo, you can also take a speedboat tour of the natural caverns dotting the cliffs and coasts. the speedboat drives all the way into these caverns for you to observe up close the cave formations. This is my second visit to Udo and I recommend it to any nature loving, beach going traveller.... :)
Carry your Korean or Intl. Driver License!
Our kids (7&10) enjoyed the rock climbing, surf and sand...not to mention the modestly price ferry ride.  We attempted to rent a motorized vehicle but there were no rentals for four people...maximum people limit per vehicle was two and one of us did not have a driver's license...so we took the modestly priced bus trip.  Note that a home-country drivers license will not work.  once we figured out the system (no English speakers found on the island of Jeju.), it worked to see most of the island.  The peanut ice cream was all variations of soft-serve...low quality ice cream.  There were enough snack shops for coffee or short orders.  Okay for a day trip.
1 day trip to udo island
very nice island. one can spent 2-3 days while roaming around the island. a very beautiful place with lot of good natural views of mountains.
Best place in jeju
Actually this cozy small island is what jeju island is about. Most of jeju island is increasingly urbanized but udo maintains its small town fishing charm.  Best place to eat seafood.
3 No - No thieves; no beggars; no gate
You won't wanna miss the awesome peanut ice cream.  The beaches was clean and beautiful.Too bad we have to leave with ferry by 12noon, otherwise I believe I can enjoyed more.However, I was lucky to have at least 2hours tour in Udo Island.  Because I was told by the tour guide, last week she lead a tour to Udo Island within 45mins due to bad weather they have to hurry and leave on time, otherwise you have to overnight over the island.
Plan to stay the whole day
We didn't get to spend as much time on Udo as we would have liked. I would have liked to so the Olle Trail but there wasn't enough time.  We had walked up a steep hill thinking we could get to the lighthouse but you go at it from the other side.  If you don't want to walk rent a motorcycle.  Don't forget your driver's license.  I hear the lighthouse is wonderful and we will go back.  Lots of cute little places to eat or have coffee and there's a nice beach. There's not really a fee to get on the island but you have to take a ferry and there's a fee for that.
Peace & Romance
Udo island is perfect for short day trip where you can enjoy the peaceful ambiance of the ocean while aboard a ferry.It may seem so plain and simple but for me it is perfect for a qucik romantic get away with a breeze of fresh air..It feels like the ocean is all yours...
Cute isle with some dramatic coastal scenery
Small island off the Jeju coast makes for a nice day trip/excursion from the main Jeju island. We enjoyed the climb up the one and only peak for excellent views, as well as some stunning coastal caves and cliffs, lighthouse, crashing surf, and volcanic rock. At first blush it may not seem too nice but Udo kind of grows on you. I'd recommend renting a moped or bicycle and bopping around the backroads; that would be the best way to see and enjoy Udo.
Be very careful of the schedule
We took the ferry to Udo Island. We went as walk ons with our tour guide. The ferry ride was short and easy. We were happy we had our guide with us because the weather was not very good that day and they were closing down the ferry service due to rough seas. We were glad she could translate this information for us.  We went over for a short visit and took the last ferry back to Jeju which was around noon. Because of the ferry schedule we did not have much time on Udo. We did go to 2 lookout spots. They were very pretty but the weather interfered. It would be a nice place on a sunny day, but there doesn't seem to be much to do on the island so plan on relaxing.
Small Island with beautiful beaches and flower fields
A great place to enjoy beautiful scenery, fresh air, the sun and the beaches. The island tour bus service is very convenient (only need to pay once) and runs on round trips whole day long, bringing you to 4 different scenic spots if you do not want to rent the bicycles, ATV or scooters. There is also a nice restaurant named Rodem Garden which offers spicy squids on hot plate and can add on with hallabong fried rice after you almost finish the squids.
Small island with wonderful landscape
It's a small island on the east of Jeju. It can be reached by taking ~10mins ferry from pier near Seongsan Ilchubong. The coastal landscape of the island is wonderful. It's definite worth a half day tour there. The most important thing is that you can see Seongsan Ilchubong from the outside as you take the ferry.
nice island with great rape flower fields
It was nice to visit Udo in the spring time. The rape flower fields were out of my imagination, and there was also a nice view on the Udo peak, where you can clearly see the Seongsan Sunrise peak on the other side of the sea.
great little island!!
Took a 15min ferry to Udo and a tour bus that you could get on and off from at the sights, visited the Udo Peak, The black sand beach where we ate fresh abalone and the pristine coral sand beach...extremely clear water and so beautiful!!
Udo - lovely small island of Jeju
Getting the short ferry over to Udo is a treat and when you arrive on this small island you are made very welcome. Plenty eating places and nice walks around the island. A bus can take you around or there are bikes etc to hire.
Quaint
Do it with your partner, not with your mates, not with your friends and not with a group. This is a tiny island and the ideal thing to do is to rent a bicycle and just glide around the island for a few hours. It is mostly just farms and a couple nice views, but it does make you feel like that scene in wedding crashers if you do it right. Half day is all you need, the ferries are fairly punctual but check to make sure as you would not want to get stranded. Not the number 2 thing to do in Jeju by any means, but it is pleasant.
Visited Seongsan in Udo
i have visited the Seongsan in Udo. I think Seongsan is a must go place because it has average difficultiy to climb up (108m). It's named as one of the new 7 wonder natural places. reasonable entrance fee applied.
Go at least once
This was a nice little excursion from the main island. Gotta take a ferry which means you need to head over to Udo early and be prepared to come back in the early evening as the ferry schedule will dictate your movement. There used to be a nice coffee shop halfway up at the base of the stairs to the lighthouse exhibits (October 2013). They had the cutest dog too but they were closed when we went back in December 2013. We took our car on the ferry. But you can also walk onto the ferry and then rent mopeds or four wheelers once you get to Udo so you can get around. I was thankful for the GPS in the car though because the roads are very winding, narrow, confusing, and I don't think are marked with names.
Fun and Interesting!
Friends, my husband and I rented ATV's, Scooters and a Golf Cart to check out this island. It was so much fun touring around and stopping at the beaches and different view points. We even saw the diving ladies who dive by only holding their breath! This wasn't the most spectacular views of Jeju we saw but the adventure was a lot of fun!
Romantic island
Udo feels like more of an island than Jeju itself, because it is much smaller and rural. You can hire a car, golf buggy, cycle or simply walk around this scenic little island. Very short and cheap ferry ride from Seongsan, so add this into your trip to Sunrise Peak.
Worth a look
Not much to do, but if you rent a vehicle, its certainly worth a couple of hours to see what it has to offer. Even if just to see how the locals live.
Beautiful island for a half day adventure
Parked our car at Seongsan Ferry Terminal and the ticket booth for Udo is in the building on the left. We rented ATVs from the shop just in front of the terminal. Though it was pricier as compared to what other reviewers had paid for, it was very convenient for us to return vehicles just before we board the ferryThe island is beautiful :) contrary to what some reviewers believe,  there is a path up to the lighthouse. It is by the side of a road near the area with many food storesTwo hours is enough to explore the whole island, but I would highly recommend 3 - 4 hours to leisurely and fully enjoy what the island has to offer
A small island just for relaxation
There isn't much on this island, and with a scooter, you can travel round the island on a leisurely pace in 2 hours. If you are there to relax and enjoy the beaches, then you would love it. But going there in autumn when it is cold, there isn't very much but just to bike around, get something to eat, and take some pictures.
For half-day itinerary
We visited udo island around August right after we visited the sonsang ilchulbong peak. Ferry cost around 4K per person, and 25K if you bring car. So far, we found one beach in Udo that we consider as  the best place to swim because of the wave is quite big.. compared to the one in main island.We failed to reach the lighthouse because the GPS can't properly shown the location.When swimming, they provide quite clean-public shower facilities, but prepare your own toiletries .
Over-rated as No 1 place to go
Nothing much really. The walk up the lighthouse was nice in terms of view but disappointing as you can't reach the lighthouse as shown in the brochure. You can find equally nice beaches in Jeju-do, so don't waste time and money to go Udo.
Locals Vacation Spot
Udo was easy to get to and a great place to camp with full amenities. There are 2 main beaches; one on the West side and one on the North East side. Both are beautiful but the one that has sand made of seashells (West Side) is a little hard on your bare feet  and it was much busier there. The other has soft fine sand that makes for a great camping spot. There are no taxis on the island. In hindsight, we would have taken the other ferry to the port that was a bit closer to Hagosudong Beach (the NE side), but there is this drop on and off Bus Tour System that costs 5000won/person. You can get on from the ferry, drop off and set up your camp at the beach, then hop back on. It runs frequently but only stops at 4 main sightseeing spots (beach 1, beach 2, caves and ___ ) . We were able to use the bus for the two days we were there for on the same fare, but there are times/stops that are crazy busy. We watched at least 6 packed buses go by before we decided to stay the night. Honorable food mention: Pirate Café. Really interesting place and staff. Great BiBamBap and you get to sign a plaque and hang it from their wall when you’re done eating.Friendly people, campfire and camping friendly, personal beer cooler (at the convenience stores directly behind the beach), and lots of cats.
Do not forget international driving license
2 things you must take with you for visiting Udo island - swimming suit and international driving licence. In case you want to rent ATV or scooter you should have international driving license, otherwise you will have to enjoy beauty of the island riding  bicycle. There are 2 sandy beaches available. Ferry can bring your car straight to the island.
Unique experience
This was our second trip to Udo.   We were riding around Jeju Island by bicycle so decided to explore the island on foot.   The weather was very hot and exposed (Summer), so you really need a big hat.    The island is quite unique, we walked up through the middle of the island and enjoyed the barren landscape.   We came across a Buddhist temple and met the lone monk there who chatted and gave us cups of coffee and tea.  He also introduced us to his friends - a haenyeo and visiting Butoh dancer who we interviewed for our website.   We briefly visited the beaches which were nice but crowded.  The unique landscape and interesting people was the best thing about Udo.
absolutely beautiful
Udo was the best place in my jeju visit. although the weather was very hot, but its windy too. My hat even blow off by the wind. The sea and sand were just too beautiful. its really a relaxing place when seeing the green grasses dancing all over in front of you. Besides, the zha jiang mian was really tasted good. it costed 8000won. the peanut icecream was famous too, 3000won. We sent a whole morning there. In the island, we can take bus, rent bicycle or scooter.
Absolutely beautiful
Udo was the best part of my Jeju visit. My sister and I rented scooters for two hours to get around the island, stopping wherever we wanted to take pictures or rehydrate (it was blazingly hot). We stopped at one of the beaches for a couple of hours, but it was just too hot to sit still on the sand. Rented scooters for the rest of the day and just zoomed around the island. True, there isn't too much to do on the island besides going to the beach or riding around the island. And the scooters/ATVs available for rent are a bit expensive (15,000won for 2 hours). But if you're looking for a relaxing day with beautiful sights, I highly recommend a visit.
overrated
The coral sand beach was really nice! Not much to see or do beyond that, and another two beaches - one very crowded white sand beach, and another black sand beach that nobody seemed to care about other than for a walk. The reviews make it seem like it's some kind of paradise, we just found it crowded, full of concrete and terrain that is parted for construction, not much vegetation. There are a few lighthouses and it looks like people could venture out on the rocks by the beach if they felt like it. What saved our trip was a little place called Chocolate Castle by the Sea, a burger restaurant that had amazing burgers and a great homey feel inside. We biked the whole island in 3 hours, with stops.
Some great views but a bit overated maybe.
Likes: some great views, fresh sea food (abalone, snails etc)Dislikes: scorchingly hot and humid in summer, lots and lots of visitors, commentaries on the bus are all in Korean so you need to figure out on your own what the driver says or just follow the crowd.
Awesome sights and contrast
We rented a 125cc scooter for 2 at the Udo ferry terminal for KRW 25,000 that got us to cover the entire island within 2 hours. Having the scooter allowed us to take in the sights and attractions with ease as the shuttle bus was packed with more people waiting at every bus stop we had passed by.
An island of great contrasts.
Black rock, golden sand, turquoise waters, green fields. Such a colourful island, easy to cycle around. The contrast of the simple life of haenyo and farmers with those vacationing was also felt strongly.
best place ever
the way to this island is like my favorite of all the places in jeju... we took a 10 mints ferry from jeju city and the water was so beautiful and amazing... the ferry ride was also awesome. it was my first time on a ferry. we didnt stay on the island much but we rented a boat and saw around.. it was cool. we had a cool boat driver too.. we didnt have enough cash so he let us do it with half price. people in korea are too nice sometimes. if u have a licency you shld do ATV's too
A nice ride :)
It was a good place to bring the girlfriend and rent a scooter for a 2 hour, romantic, oceanside drive.
Must not missed out Udo when you visit Jeju
Took a bus from Jeju bus terminal (1.5hrs) and arrived at the port. Ferry to Udo island is just 15 mins away. Arrived at Udo, we join the hop on & off bus that takes us to 4 destinations. Bus interval is every 30 mins. It is a beautiful island not to be misssed out. Spent at least half a day or more at the island.
Most Beautiful Place in Jeju
If you love the sea, sand, mountain and great scenery, you will need to make a day trip to Udo!  You can take a ferry to Udo from Seongsan Harbour.  I highly recommend that you rent a car in Jeju and drive that over to Udo as there are so much to see and do in a single day.  You can drive your car up onto the ferry to Udo.
Picturesque
Udo island is indeed beautiful. It is definitely worth it to visit this island.My friends and i were pressed for time, so we decided to board the udo island tour bus (₩5000). If you have time to spare, you might want to hike around the olle trail. It takes about 10-15 minutes to reach Udo Island from Seongsan port. A return ticket will cost you ₩3500.
Beautiful even in March
Even in March, Udo is beautiful--and in March, there are few visitors. When we were there, haenyo were out at low tide collecting seafood among the lava rocks, banging the rocks to bring them out. We stayed at a traditional hotel (thin mattresses on heated floor) near the lighthouse on the main road. Eat al fresco at the nearby restaurant across from the healing-stone throne is and check out their fresh "ginseng of the sea" (slices of a raw sea-cucumber-like animal). On the mainland, be sure to check out tiny Gangjeong Village, on the southern coast just west of Seogwipo, where villagers and Jeju priests are braving police, the navy, Hyundai, and Samsung 24/7 as they protest a huge naval base being foisted upon them. The mayor was jailed a few days ago for chaining himself around the neck to a rafter, when police rampaged and tore down protesters' headquarters, replacing it with boulders to prevent reconstruction. The protesters are very friendly, by the way. It's on the Ollie hiking trail, where it crosses over the Gangjeong River and passes the gates of the "destruction" site. A beautiful waterfall meets the sea and can be viewed by taking a path on either side of the bridge. Poonglim Resort is nearby, with full spa and small steam bath facilities.
Excellent place to visit
Rent a bicycle or ATV to enjoy the scenery here. In spring rape flowers are all over the island. The cliff by the sea are amazingly nice. Good place to go with your love ones if two of you want a short getaway by yourselves.
Nice Island
Very nice island. You take a ferry from Jeju Island to Udo in 5-10 minutes you get there. I rented a quadricycle and it was fun to discover the island by this transportation mode. The ocean is clean and warm; pretty nice to bathe!The shops however don't speak English normally. If in Jeju, I totally recommend Udo as a spot to visit.
Beautiful
Rented the ATV for 3hrs40m for 45, 000won and that was the most fun we had on our trip so far. The island is small so we ventured the coastline stopping to see the beautiful clear waters,  rode on horses and took photos by a quaint lttle lighthouse. The peanut ice cream was a little disappointing as it was more icey and the paeanut taste was barely there. The people in Udo are really warm and helpful.
Beautiful!
This was recommended by a friend and it ended up being the highlight of our trip in Jeju! We rented an ATV and just drove around the island taking in the sights. Udo Island is also where the famous women divers go to catch abalone, octopi and other seafood and it was cool just to watch them work. The shore caves were definitely a must-see for us and they did not disappoint. I would definitely go back to Udo if I'm ever in Jeju again.
Relaxing & Refreshing
We rent a bicycle and just cycling along the sea coast. It's very windy and we even spotted the hanyeo picking up the seaweed! If you visit the island at the right timing. U can see lots of canola flower! We saw partial here and there still very pretty. If you are being lazy, you can just rent the ATV bike (which most of the people do so). If you plan to have lunch there. Give yourself 4-5 hours to explore this island (take photo, had an ice cream etc etc). Note: we didn't walk all the way up to light house as it is already mid noon and we can see something similar @ seopjikoji so we let go this one :)
Absolutely Breathtaking
Udo Island is a small island located in the east side of Jeju. We visited there due the great reviews given below in TripAdvisor. It cost about 5,500 won for the ferry ride to and fro. My friend and I wanted to ride the ATV while we were there however the rental shops were strict on the rental without international driving license so in the end we took a tour bus that stops at 4 different locations and cost 5,000won per person. The bus comes at an interval of 30 minutes so once you get down in one location, you can stay at the location for 30 minutes before moving on to another place. As we went there in Spring, the canola flowers are blooming beautifully. We also went to the Black Sand Beach and also the Hyopje Beach. Quite a good worth of money if you are looking at short tours around the island.
Explore the island on ATV
Beautiful small island - green hills, lava rocks and small beaches. It's about one hour and a half by bus from Jeju-city to Seongsan ferry terminal (final stop) and 10 minutes by ferry.  We rented ATV to get around the island. The weather changed quickly and suddenly we found ourselves in the middle of the storm. We had a lot of fun riding ATVs through the heavy rain and felt like we are true rangers.  It was too cold to go swimming and by such a weather we couldn't explore the shore caves. So we skip it for the next time.
Rent bikes!
Do not go to Jeju without checking out Udo. A beautiful island off the coast, you can walk the Olle trail here, or rent bikes to cover more miles! Beautiful in spring or fall. Definitely check it out!
Popcorn beach a must.
There are several beautiful beaches on Udo, but we preferred the"popcorn"beach above the others. Cristal clear water and white popcorn like beach sand. you can rent snorkel gear from the cafes near the beach. We went there after watching the sunrise from sunrise peak. Ferry was W35000 for a return including our car. Do take your own snacks and drinks.
An Amazing Trip
Udo is just picture perfect. We spent a few hours driving around this beautiful small island in early October. It only takes a few minutes on the ferry to go to Udo. You can hire scooters on the island but we actually brought over the scooters that we had hired in Jeju. It was approx 8000 (i think) to bring the scooter over and back. It was extremely busy when I was there but I did travel during Chuseok so I am not sure how busy it would be outside of holidays.I would definitely recommend a trip here as there are some fantastic and beautiful views. Just hire a scooter and drive around. As i mentioned earlier, if you are planning to hire a scooter on Jeju itself then do so and bring it over and it will be cheaper than renting one in Udo.
Great getaway island
This island is not in your usual tourist-package because you really need 1 day to cover the whole quaint island. But it is worth it. The whole place had lots of walls made up of volcanic rocks, making it look almost Irish. And the scenery around the island is just quite breath-taking. We drove and put the car in the ferry as well. Only complaint is that instructions were all in Korean at the ticket office, so hard to figure out what to do. Also, what would happen if one misses the last ferry back to the main island???
Gorgeous Island
Udo is simply beautiful. You should rent either a bike or a moped once you arrive. You can easily circle the whole island with stops in a couple hours. The enclosed beaches, volcanic rocks, crystal clear water, and very green landscape is exquisite.The road is not really crowded even during the busy summer months. I really enjoyed Udo Island, but then again what major natural location in Jeju-do disappoints? Whether you visit the lava tube caves, craters, dramatic coastline, waterfalls, nearby islands, beaches, mountains, and forests, Jeju-do is a natural paradise.
Good family trip
This review was told to me by my awesome afternoon English class student.  I love Korea; especially because I have great students."It is very beautiful island. Next time I will go to U-do Island with Diisha.You should visit the ocean.  There are many nice beaches.  I didn't like the lighthouse because it was scary.  I liked the lunch. The noodles were delicious/very good. The smell was good. You can see everything in one day.  I was there for four hours.  (Monica/Sing hae).
Too much sea and mountain
The first impression and experience was good. After a while, everything else looked the same. The same sea, mountains and stones, albeit in a different formation. There are beach bikes for rent, which I think will be fun but we didn't enjoy that because we had hired a taxi for the Jeju trip.
Scooter around and go explore with friends
This could be an amazing place to visit provided you have good weather and great friends. Scootering around the tiny island can be fun if you stop off at the beaches, swim along the way and explore the caves and tunnels by the black sand beach. Definitely keep an eye out for the giant burger restaurant and the peanut Makgeolli stand (막걸리, it's alcoholic rice wine!), both are delicious! Don't over-hype it or expect too much, just go to have fun and you'll be happy you went.
A must to visit!
We got an ATV (40000KRW for 2 hours) and rode around the island. It was really fun and you get to explore the whole island. There are small little cafes where you can just park your ATV and pop in for a coffee and a cake. The water is amazingly clear and blue.
ATV Adventure
The best way to experience nature and the beauty of Udo Island is not necessarily by being seperated by metal and a loud motor, but it sure is fun!  One of our best days while on vacation was riding the ferry to Udo and renting ATV's to tour around the island.
beautiful
beautiful place, wish i could spend more time there, great memories
Wonderful place!
Most people visit Jeju-do for the scenery, but I feel that the best scenery was not their waterfalls, but Udo itself. This island is stunningly beautiful, and when the weather is sunny, you can fully enjoy what it has to offer. The island isn't too big, and can be explored fully and quickly via scooter or ATV. I rented the ATV for 2 hours for 25000 won, and it's totally worth it. A driving license is required for some stores, but if you don't have one, you can find other stores that may be more lax with the regulations... I do not recommend it personally for safety reasons, but if you really did so (just like me), ride within your own abilities and comfort level and do not speed! Most of the driving is done on tarmac, so it is relatively safe. Along the way you can always park your ATV and stop and take some photos! I would recommend spending some time at the beach, the water is really clear and the sands are clean! There is also this coast where crashing waves will hit and splash all over you if you get close enough, quite an interesting experience too. Over there you can also enjoy some of the local seafood caught freshly. There is also horse-riding available , which can be found somewhere off the Udo port.If possible, spend at least half a day there! The Seongsan ferry terminal is about a 20 minute walk from the famous Seongsan Ilchubong, so it's recommended to go Udo after you scaled the peak in the morning and have some time to spare in the afternoon.
You need at least half day to see everything
There is a bus from Jeju bus terminal that takes 1hours and a half min and you have to take a Ferry that costs 5,500won.If you dont know how to plan one day travel I would like to recommend you to go Udo and  Seongsan Ilchulbong that is closer to each other If you start your day early you will probably have more time thoughTo see all island it takes 3~4hours by bus that there is Tour bus which costs 5,000wonHowever i would like to recommend you to ride a bike for some partIt is beautiful to ride around the sea and you can feel relaxed.There is 3 beaches that you can visit and those are all different atmosphereespecially there is Coral beach that are exists only 3palce on the world Please go towards the end where people are not crowdedYou will see more pretty coralUdo is famouse for peanut that if you like plz try only small amount since it is a bit expensiveI am not sure if there is famouse food for foreginer but street food is okay As my memory Udo is one of the best part in Jeju island I will recommend for my friends
Interesting place to visit
This small island with a unique history and is classified as a national recreation area.  It  is accessbile by a low cost ferry from  Seongsan which includes the entrance fee to the area.  Bus tours and ATV rentals are available.  The island has many small farms and peanuts are a major crop.
Crowded island
You need to take a ferry from the terminal near the sunrise peak and I had to queue for nearly 15 minutes to get the ferry tickets. Follow the direction sign to board the ferry. We waited at the wrong place but were fortunate to have a korean informed of the correct location. The ferry took 20 minutes to reach the islet.The islet was small but not small enough to travel on foot. There are several transport options to see go round the islet - shuttle bus, ATV, motorbikes or bicycles. We chose the shuttle bus. There are several locations which it brought us to. The driver would explain more about the attractions but in korean language. At each location, visitors can alight the bus and visit the attractions. Once you are done, you have to find the bus boarding point (strangely at some distance from the alighting point). The bus you board would be different from the one you alighted from.It was really crowded on Udo Islet. The attractions are just some natural geological formation, similar those on the Jeju island. They were scenic but got a little boring after some time.
Difficult if you do not speak Korean
Most of Udo island except the attractions are rural farms. We went to Udo island with a few local Koreans from jeju island. We took a 15mins ferry. I was surprised that there are no seats on the ferry, people sit on the floor instead, korean style. Interesting experience. As I went with locals, I thought they would know the way. No! They didn't and we walked 1h around the island before reaching the peak. It was beautiful. The grass was green n the sea view was nice. Though it was really windy. And thus very cold even though it was summer. Be sure to wear enough clothes.
must visit!
Went there twice. Once on a rainy day and on a sunny day. Do not go on rainy days! We went on the bus tour which told us that English tour will be provided but the guide spoke korean throughout instead. Bus tour took us to a few attractions which were pretty scenic and impressive. However, the wind was too strong and it was freaking cold. Always have a poncho/raincoat prepared in case of rain! Went on a sunny day the next day and rented the ATV for 15,000 won for an hour. Managed to explore and rode the ATV round half of the island. Fantastic experience, would definitely recommend it and do it again! Also, try the peanut ice cream!
Peaceful
A quick 20 min ferry ride from Jeju.  We went there on a rainy day, however so did not get the whole experience of Udo.  It looked to be a beautiful and very serene island.  Seafood is good here.  Homemade peanut ice cream was also very good here.A great option for a day trip.
If it's a nice day, you'll really enjoy this cute island!
Ferry ride from seongsan port was 11,000 W for 2 people and only took about 15 minutes.  There's a really good review by katja below, so I won't go in depth.  If you don't have a lot of time, take a scooter or ATV.  We had a lot of fun cruising around this island on ATV!!   As soon as you get off the ferry there are two places to rent from - ATV was 20,000 W for 2 hours; Scooter was 10,000 W for 2 hours.  If you stop several places you'll be pushing 2 hours but can definitely get it done.  Can be a little difficult navigating if you cannot speak or read Korean.
Beautiful Views
Great beach, with nice views of Sunrise Point.  Bit of a jaunt to get out there on the ferry, and cold during the winter, but worth it.
Small and charming, peaceful and rustic, fresh air, good for walking, running, biking, swimming
Udo is a really small island, you can go around by bicycle in several hours. Udo is a volcanic island, so it has several nice beaches with white and black sand, impressing lava rock formations, caves etc. We went there several times, every time for 2-3 days, and every time it was just wonderful. You should go and spend a few days there if you want to relax in a quite and peaceful atmosphere with no nightlife, co crowds, no big attractions but with beautiful nature. Still, if you want to get in touch with the rest of the world - no problem here, our Korean mobiles were working fine, Internet was available right in the "arrival hall" of the port and in many "minbaks" (small Korean-style hotels).You can get there easily from Seongsan port  (성산포) of Jeju island by ferry in just 10-15 minutes. Ferries depart every hour from 08.00 till 17.30 or 18.00 depending on season. Most accommodations are found on on the White Coral Beach (Seo-bin-baek-sa, 서빈백사 or  Sanhosa, 산호사 ), 10 minutes walk from the port. They are all small 1-2 floor buildings located directly on the beach with seaview (Pensions, Minbaks). We never booked anything in advance, but found a room on site, but we went in May and October - not highest season. The rooms were always nice and big, also with kitchen and all the necessary kitchenware. Also there are small shops with snacks and some Korean restaurants.So, what to do in there?- swim in the pure emerald water of White coral beach, see the special kind of sand, it really feels like you are in tropics ^^- rent a bike and go around the islandThe road goes nicely along the shore, there were almost no cars except on the busier Jeju-facing side, and we enjoyed the scenery very much!  - Geommeolle Beach (검멀래)This is a black sand beach with very beautiful and unusual rock formations and caves, and we spent a very good time there. You can go in caves and see small rocks piled up on each other. And once a year they have a symphony concert in the caves!!Also, if you are a diver with a certificate, there is a diver center there. We tried to do it, but we did not have a PADI certificate so they refused, they do not do fun dives.And  we took a motor boat (10 000W/person) to see farther caves with a spectacular view of Udo cliffs (Hu-hae-seok-byeok, 후해석벽). If you are lucky, you can also see a peculiar site called Ju-gan-myeong-weol - sun reflecting at the ceiling of a cave giving a "moon shape". We also went up the hill, nice view of both Udo and Jeju!!What problems you can encounter in Udo?- languageLocal people are friendly and try to help, but they do not understand English!!So if you do not speak Korean, print out Korean names of what you want to visit and some basic Korean phrases (preferably in Korean, not transcriptions, because pronunciation may be tricky). BUT! the owner of the LOG-house speaks English very good!- foodThere is no Western restaurants on the island, only Korean!! The shops on the beach only sell snacks like Ramen, but there is a bigger mart inland called Hana-ro Mart with fruits, vegetables, milk, etc. (하나로 마트, try to ask locals for directions and go there by bike, you will find it, there is no place to get lost ^^). And it could be a good idea to bring some food with you from Jeju, especially if you want something like cheese, wine etc.
Refreshing beach
It was very nice taking a walk along the beach of Udo, the sea is clean but unable to swim because of sharp rocks. We are happy that they keep this place just the same as it is, not making it into a tourism spot. And once again,  most of them cannot speak English, we couldn’t say any word to the locals and the tour guide was helpful all the way through.
A beautiful island
Udo is small and very beautiful island. You can take the ferry from Seongsan for around 15mins. There are many buses on the island to take you for sightseeing.
