Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Beautiful grounds…animal enclosures..
The grounds are amazing and beautiful. Different times of year you can see beautiful blooms like azaleas, hydrangeas, bougainvillea, etc. It’s definitely worth some time to see the natural beauty of the flora. The animal enclosures are very disappointing, because as a true natural park, you would expect better conditions for the animals. The caves are a good break from the sun and heat. They are a wet cave, so prepare to get drops on your head. They have a tour route that allows you to see everything. Recommend taking 2-3 hours to see everything.
Big garden but quite boring.....
Its quite a big park with different Themes Gardens. Including a Folk Village & cave.As we have limited time, we did not go the longer Cave route. Just the Gardens & Folk village. The sun was very hot & walking out in the open gardens for an hour was terrible. Anyway, the gardens are not so interesting. Yes, it did have different plants & flowers but unless one has interests in plants-  frankly its quite boring.
Nice park
Working hours from 8AM (or 9?) till 5PM.Spend 2-3-4 hours there, many flowers (in season), animals, folk village inside, two interesting caves. Just nice! :)
Nice caves, terrible conditions for its birds
Visited mainly to see the lava caves. Walked past the bird enclosure on the way out and was shocked to see the crowded small bare enclosures they are kept in.
Experience Nature
Unexpected place. Really huge. Good for family visit. Fun time with the kids. You may need to spend the whole day in the area.
A magical Garden
To put it simply one of the best garden parks Ive ever been to. A magical place which  peacocks roam around. very professionally done, a must see while here.
Had a great time walking around the botanical garden
The park is located close to the beach, it’s entrance fee is 12,000 won, it have a variety of plants, a cave, birds and some reptiles. A great way to spend a few hours.
Парк на час
Если бы не бедные рептилии, которых держат в меленьких тюрьмах, парк был бы хорошIf not for the poor reptiles kept from small prisons, the park would have been nice작은 감옥에 갇힌 가난한 파충류가 아니라면 공원은 좋았을 것입니다
Beautiful Wide Park
Entrance Fee 12,000 won. Very wide park. Enjoyed each part of the park.. Not so many flowers are blooming.. Peacock were left free roaming at the park.
A Little Something for Everyone
We visited Hallim Park as part of our Western Jeju Discovery Tour so we just had a limited time to go around the park. The park has a lot of attractions but our helpful tour guide told us to focus on just a handful to maximize our time spent in Hallim Park.Our first stop would be the Hyeopjae Cave and Ssangyong Cave, located at the far end of the park. This would require some walking uphill and downhill, but the entire pathway is well-paved so you won't have to worry about losing your balance. The caves are relatively small, but still interesting to look at.After that we made our way down, passing by the beautiful and serene Jeju Stone and Bonsai Garden. It would be impossible not to be relaxed by this astonishingly peaceful sanctuary.On our way to the Cherry Blossom Garden, we passed by the Jae-Am Folk Village; which featured interesting stone sculptures and traditional Jeju village huts.Other attractions we decided to skip would be the Wild Grass and Flower Garden, the Bird Garden, the Water Garden and the Subtropical Botanic Garden.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Beautiful grounds…animal enclosures..
The grounds are amazing and beautiful. Different times of year you can see beautiful blooms like azaleas, hydrangeas, bougainvillea, etc. It’s definitely worth some time to see the natural beauty of the flora. The animal enclosures are very disappointing, because as a true natural park, you would expect better conditions for the animals. The caves are a good break from the sun and heat. They are a wet cave, so prepare to get drops on your head. They have a tour route that allows you to see everything. Recommend taking 2-3 hours to see everything.
Big garden but quite boring.....
Its quite a big park with different Themes Gardens. Including a Folk Village & cave.As we have limited time, we did not go the longer Cave route. Just the Gardens & Folk village. The sun was very hot & walking out in the open gardens for an hour was terrible. Anyway, the gardens are not so interesting. Yes, it did have different plants & flowers but unless one has interests in plants-  frankly its quite boring.
Bigger than we thought
It is not only a botanical garden. They also have local animals on display, their cave system is quite big with three caves and their bonsai garden is beautiful. You could easily spend here a whole day. 12.000 won per adult sounded pricey at the beginning but these huge gardens and animals need a lot of maintenance and are in good conditions. We enjoyed our visit.
Nothing spectacular if you're from the tropics.
You should be geared for a long walk inside the park. The ticket is a bit pricey (11,000 won per adult) with nothing much to see. There are plenty of palm trees and different types of pine trees as well but not really very rare or special species.They have collection of tropical plants (bananas, guava,mango , etc) which I am sure tourists from Southeast Asia will find boring. They have lots of cacti although not very extensive collection. May be we came at the wrong time because there were only few flowering plants. Overall, quite a waste of time and money ( and energy too).
A small paradize
The view especially sunset was just amazing to observe. Crystal clear water, cosy cafes scatetred around gives happy vibes !
Cherry blossom and tulips now in full bloom!
Hallim Park is a jack of all trades but a master of none. It is rather unusual to find a mini bird park, caves and gardens altogether in the same place (but not all of them were stunning). Some of the vegetation were not well maintained. That said, if you enjoy viewing cherry blossoms and tulips, this is your chance. When we went last week, the cherry blossoms and tulips were in full bloom and they were absolutely a wonderful sight. We were hoping to see cherry blossoms in Jeju and didn't know we will catch them right here at Hallim Park. You can miss everything else, but don't miss these seasonal flowers.
Remarkable park built by a local
A local has fulfilled himself a dream. He moved ground to this place and built this park with areas for Bonsai, azalees, palm trees, a natural lava tunnel, traditional houses, strangely formed lava rocks etc.The stop here is part of  a bus tour tio the Western part of the Island.
Definitely Worth a Visit
This park is huge! it is divided into different areas with different themes. It has a great variety of plants and birds. There are also two underground tunnel caves which enrich the overall visiting experience. There is also an area with seasonal flowers.  Great spot for photo-taking. Highly recommended for family with children. Allocate at least two hours visiting time here.
Beautiful grounds ruined by inhumane animal houses
This is a difficult review to write - the vegetation and environment at Hallim Park is great but my visit was ruined by seeing the way that the animals of the park were being treated.Firstly the Macaw House, an extra 1000krw to enter a large, hot greenhouse full of gorgeous birds in tiny wire cages with no vegetation or shade from the scorching heat.  There was a small black skinned pig in a cage less than 1m long.  Some animals were showing clear signs of distress and in two cases I was seriously concerned that animals were suffering severe heatstroke in a room that was exceedingly hot (34C outside and hotter in the house).The 'Beautiful Bird Garden' is a similar story - birds in cages with little shade, clear mite infections and stress related loss of plumage.  There were a few lucky peacocks able to roam freely but most were in tiny pens (10-15 per pen).  The facilities were not well maintained and the lack of shade is shocking given the heat of the Jeju summer.This was the most depressing experience I've had in a park - I've seen better cared for animals in developing nations.  The conditions at this park bring shame on Jeju and the nation when it appears that plants are treated better than animals.  To make any claims the Hallim Park is an ecological park is rubbish based upon this!If you care for the welfare of animals I would strongly urge you to avoid and express you anger to the local government.
Beautifal park, but the animals seem miserable and sick.
Hallim Park is quite a beautiful park. There are so many things to see, and the flora is really quite spectacular; however, the living conditions of the animals in the park killed the whole experience for us. The turtles are in aquariums that are much too small, and the aquariums don't contain any kind of natural vegetation for the turtles. In fact, only a few turtles had only a single rock in their containers. If that wasn't depressing enough, the living conditions of the peacocks were, quite simply, inhumane. Although some lucky peacocks got to roam around in an area that was relatively open, most of the peacocks were living in small enclosures and sharing those enclosures with up to 13 other peacocks. There was hardly enough room for them to move around, and the birds seemed to be living in quite stressful conditions.  Then, there were the ostriches. All of the ostriches we saw had a terrible looking skin condition, and most of them were going bald. Compared to the flora in the park, it just seemed like the park put no effort into properly caring for the animals at all. If Hallim Park would put a little more effort into making sure their animals are properly cared for and provide better living conditions for the animals, I would recommend going to this place. However, with the current living conditions of the animals, I absolutely cannot recommend anyone go to this place.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Nice place with many things to see
The park is quite big and there are many interesting stuff to see. There's a bonsai garden, a small hanok village, bird park etc. It's quite an interesting place where you can spend a good 2 hour.
it has everything you want to see
Hallim Park has everything you would want to see. It has a big and beautiful flower garden, stone and bonsai garden, caves you can explore, a folk village, and a wonderful cactus garden.  It also has a bird garden and reptiles in cages.  You can spend at least half a day exploring everything.
Garden with a great mix of stuff
Hallim Park is located at the West part of Jeju island, approximately 20 minutes drive from Jeju City. The park is pretty large as it has a wide range of gardens (cactus, bird park, flowers) and it also has a couple of lava caverns. The park does not have spectacular sites but it is a great and cozy place to spend time especially for families. Do wear comfortable shoes.
Enjoyable Taste of Jeju Island
Hallim Park is really a variety of interesting elements of Jeju Island rolled into one. The cave located within Hallim park is one of the main attractions. Other attractions include a multitude of gardens, some animal exhibits, and even a small recreated folk village.If you have more than 3-4 days on Jeju island, I would highly recommend Hallim Park. It can be combined with the excellent Hyopjae Beach located close by. Great day for families. If you are staying less than 3 days, it would probably be best to focus on the main natural attractions Jeju Island is so famous for.I enjoyed exploring the park, taking some pictures with my wife, and then relaxing at the beach.
Парк на час
Если бы не бедные рептилии, которых держат в меленьких тюрьмах, парк был бы хорошIf not for the poor reptiles kept from small prisons, the park would have been nice작은 감옥에 갇힌 가난한 파충류가 아니라면 공원은 좋았을 것입니다
A Little Something for Everyone
We visited Hallim Park as part of our Western Jeju Discovery Tour so we just had a limited time to go around the park. The park has a lot of attractions but our helpful tour guide told us to focus on just a handful to maximize our time spent in Hallim Park.Our first stop would be the Hyeopjae Cave and Ssangyong Cave, located at the far end of the park. This would require some walking uphill and downhill, but the entire pathway is well-paved so you won't have to worry about losing your balance. The caves are relatively small, but still interesting to look at.After that we made our way down, passing by the beautiful and serene Jeju Stone and Bonsai Garden. It would be impossible not to be relaxed by this astonishingly peaceful sanctuary.On our way to the Cherry Blossom Garden, we passed by the Jae-Am Folk Village; which featured interesting stone sculptures and traditional Jeju village huts.Other attractions we decided to skip would be the Wild Grass and Flower Garden, the Bird Garden, the Water Garden and the Subtropical Botanic Garden.
Very nice place!
I read a few reviews saying how it’s just a park with trees and birds but I love this place! The greenery is beautiful, the air is fresh with a cool breeze and the cave system is entrancing. Being from a concrete city means all this is actually quite a refreshing change of environment for me. I don’t particularly care for the animals and birds being kept in too small enclosures though. But the scenery alone is enough to give it 4*.
Big Nature Park
Spent approximately 5 hours walking in the park. The park is sub divided into different sectors with different themes. Didn’t go to all the different sectors because some didn’t appeal to us. What I found nice and interesting were;1. The Caves2. Cultural Village3. The Bonsai & Stone Garden4. Seasonal Section - Ume FlowersWhat I didn’t like;1. Birds and reptiles in captivity2. Wild Flowers Garden - area seems to be poorly maintained. I didn’t get to see anything except grass and weedsBe prepared to walk and walk so if walking is not your thing then u better reconsider. Limited restaurants on site, so it’s best if u bring your own food and drinks.
Very nice botanical garden, Jae-Am Folk Village and caves
While in Jeju - we booked the Yeha bus tour and this is one of the places included to visit.  We really enjoyed our time here and our guide did an excellent job of recommending how to see everything in the time we had allotted.
Fantastic! A must visit in Jeju.
Hallam Park is one of the best botanical gardens we’ve visited. The paths are clearly posted and friendly to foreign visitors that don’t read Korean. We loved it. The restaurant at the entrance is only a good choice if you like Korean food. The barbecue spot inside might be a better choice for western visitors.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Beautiful
Allow for at least 2.5 to 3 hours to walk around. There are a number if different areas, my favourite being the bonsai trees. The park is very well kept and very tranquil. There are a couple of places that sell snacks and one restaurant on site.
Nice
The park is a very big park to cover specially in a hot summer day .Has many different sections and it is easy to get lost without a map .It is a must see place
kids had a lot of fun
Great place for kids to have fun.  Kids were searching and hunting for hermit crabs.  There were also some fishermen the kids were interested in.
Amazing Land
A great variety of exotic trees & flowers, marvellous birds, unusual sculptures,charming waterfalls, traditional symbols of  Jeju Island.  Beautiful inspiring day.
Hallim Park not suitable to go and not much fun inside
Hallim Park look older , inside not much fun , and tickets expensive too , inside some area was not clean !
Lovely tulips in April, large gaps with nothing to see
Except for the tulips which do not bloom in Singapore and the caves which are special to Jeju, this park is not impressive. It does not have good landscaping on a whole. I understand that tried to grow flowers of all seasons so there are naturally trees and shrubs not in bloom. But still the landscaping could be improved so we don’t have to walk for such long periods with nothing much to see. I liked the statues and water feature, the tulips area which was very beautiful, the part of the park where some peacocks could roam around. However the enclosures could be done better for more visibility of the animals. I read some reviews that they were ill treated but I didn’t see any evidence of this. We have very good displays of succulents at Gardens by the Bay in Singapore and Yeomiji Botanical Gardens was also more impressive than Hallim park. For April, I would recommend to skip Hallim park and go for Yeomiji instead for a better visit in general unless you really like tulips. Have to admit the tulips display was very beautiful.
So beautiful
It’s about an hour’s drive from the airport. Entrance is KRW11,000 for one adult.  The tulips and cherry blossoms were in full bloom. So lovely!  A surprise was the caves. It’s so cool!  Really worth the visit.
A botanical garden that is not really one
I can't make of this place. It has plants, caves, a folk village and greenhouses. Yet none of the attractions was really top rate. I would give it a miss and visit attractions with more focus on any one of the above.
A few hours well spent
My only concern with Hallim Park is the condition of some of the animals they have there. The 'cages' or 'presentation units' seem quite small for some of them, and some of the bigger birds didn't seem particularly happy. I don't want to give this an 'average' review because the caves are incredibly unique, the diverse array of trees and plants is also very special. But full disclosure, this place may not be for everyone.
Cherry Blossom (mid April)
Fortunate we are able to catch the cheery blossom even during mid April. Nice place to walk around, similar to The Garden of Morning Calm. There is a beach across the park, very nice walk and beautiful scenery. Bring your jacket if you are going during early spring, ITS COLD!
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
amazing park
we visited two parks in Jeju. Hallim and Spirited Garden. ticket price was almost the same for both but Hallim was by far much better and bigger with good design and a lot of different and amazing trees and some birds too. It is really a must visit for Jeju visitors to spend around two hours enjoying the park.
Cool caves and amazing bonsai collection
We went here mainly to see the cave network formed by Mt. Halla's eruption. It was really cool, literally. The temperature was about 17degrees so it was a nice rest from the 34 outside. There are about 3 sections to all the caves....It was very quiet when we went so not many people about which was nice, but it does get a bit hot walking around all the gardens as we went in the summer. We probably only stayed for an hour or two.
Ruined by cruel and unacceptable treatment of animals
We entered this park with great expectations - the gardens themselves are great, the bonsai area stands out as superb, and the Lava Caves offer some welcome respite from the heat.Everything in the garden was destroyed by the horrific and unacceptable conditions of the birds and other animals.  There was a smallish section with parrots, a few other birds, a monkey in a tiny cage and a few other small furry creatures.  It was filthy, some of the animals had no water, the temperature must have been 35 degrees.  There was one small animal that was clearly suffering greatly (in one of the cages with no water). I emptied the contents of my water bottle into it's water bowl, and reported its condition to a member of staff - who did nothing.We went on to see peacocks and ostriches, yes in slightly larger enclosures, but with no shade, no vegetation, and 13 peacocks in a tiny cage.  The birds were in obvious distress with obsessive grooming and clear skin infections.I've travelled all over the world, and been to many places like this and never, from the poorest, to the richest countries, have I seen animals kept in these conditions. I rarely, if ever, write reviews, but I am so angry at the conditions here, that it's important to be aware.The gardens are immaculate, the conditions of the animals are disgraceful, and should be an embarresment to whoever runs this organisation.Do not visit!
Large Park
This is really a large park with plenty of places to visit inside. It is recommended to visit this park at spring or early summer so you can watch more blossom flowers. I visited it in October so there is only few flowers. It is still worth a visit though as you can visit the village, the stadium, the bonsai, the caves, and even a bird zoo inside.. must come.
Very interesting
Went with my kids and parents. We explore every part of the park. From Caves, cactus to folk villages. We enjoy the plantation at the park and flowers definitely. Must visit
was ok.
An decent park to spend 2-3hrs.Nothing great just decent.Lots of tourist thought, so don't expect a peaceful walk unless you go at odd hours.The park close at 6pm.
So much to see!
Hallim Park is so big, we didn't even get to see everything. Spend at least 3 hours here (I think). That should be enough time. I loved the caves, the bonsai garden, the cactus garden, the cherry blossoms, and the tulips festival! Lovely park to visit.
Very sad to see animals in such poor conditions
Gardens were not well maintained (except bonsai garden good) but it broke my heart to see the conditions of the animals in captivity. Completely turned me off.
Old fashioned park
Opposite to Hyeopjae Beach, it is an old fashioned park with almost every element in Jeju. Caves, plants, mini zoo, and even a folk village. 10000 krw entrance fee is not cheap though.
Nice scenic park that has an affordable restaurant seving the famous black pork
Scenic park with many photo opportunities. Restaurant inside the park (not the one at the entrance) served the most affordable black pork in the region.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Botany park
This is Actually botany park with some few nice spots , i really don't recommend it because there is many more to see in jeju better than here and not worth to paying 10$ to seeing something u really don't understand , most of park is designed for professional botanist not for normal people .
Very passable, especially if u factor in the cost
Hallim Park is privately run, which would explain the cost, which is 5x the cost of entrance to Sunrise Peak, a must-do in Jeju.There are many parts to explore within the park. The most interesting sections to me was the albino peacock enclosure and the rapeseed flower garden. The cherry trees at the cherry blossom section were okay (we went during the cherry blossom festival) but why would u need to pay for that when the rest if the island (and Seoul as well) is full of cherry blossom trees.The tropical plants, wildflower and grass garden section were disappointing. There were lots of potted plants which looked unhealthy and unkempt. I really couldn't tell if the garden was supposed to be manicured or wild.Overall, I think the park is quite passable. I wouldn't visit it again, nor would I strongly recommend it to a friend.
A few hours spent here was worth it
I really liked this park and would recommend it to anyone going to Jeju. It took us about 3 hours walking quickly around it and at W9000 I thought it was defiantly worth it.
Beautiful park
Nice pictures can be taken in the park, I most liked bonsai part of the park. 2 gorgeous beaches close to the park entrance.
Interesting park worth a visit
Went with my son and husband on a very hot day! Park well laid out with several drink food and shade stops on way round! We spent a few hours to see it all! Caves were a highlight - very interesting and cool!! Reptiles and birds ok - not my thing! Enjoyed water area especially cold showers we could stand under :-)) overall a good place to visit and see a range of sights! Easy to get to on main coastal bus route Enjoy
Covers Jeju in one go
Well set out with a large variety of natural features although we felt a bit sorry for some of the reptiles and birds in confined cages. The highlight is possibly the two lava tubes.
Worth a Half Day Visit
I got a public bus from the Inter-city Bus Terminal at Jeju-si to this park at only Won 2000. 1 hour required.  This is the last activity of my trip and upon leaving, luckily I met an American man at the bus stop who agreed to share a taxi with me heading to the airport, otherwise I may be late.Time is rather limited for me and I took a quick and rough walk in the park after taking a 45 min lunch of seafood pot at the restaurant at the entrance.  Yummy!  Seafood is to die for in Jeju.  I like this park as it's well gardened, clean, cozy with some souvenirs shops and two restaurants inside.  And I did not meet groups of tourists which is a PLUS.  Visitors decent. Next time when I come to Jeju, I should spend plenty of time in this park.There is a famous beach opposite to the park entrance so you can have a walk there as well after leaving here.
Short & Sweet
If you really have a short time available at Jeju and that you want to have a glimpse of everything, Hallim Park may be your solution.  In there comprises of a tiny folk village, two lava tubes of smaller scale, water park, beautiful gardens for you to enjoy for a few hours.  One couldn't admire the courage of Mr Song who spent 40 years of his life developing Hallim Park from NOTHING.  He literally sweated & toiled through the barren rock into something magical that's been visited by dignitaries around the world.  For someone like myself who came from New Zealand, natural green is something that I have taken for granted but one would have to give Mr Sung encore for the grand vision that he did, to build a tourist attraction for Jeju when tourism wasn't a happening thing just yet.  Just like from the movie, Field of Dreams, if you build it, people will most definitely come!
Exceeded expectations!
Love Hallim Park! My expectation was a quick walk around an outdoor park, but it was so much more! Easily taking an entire day if you want it to, you can meander through under ground lava tubes, fruit orchards, small animal zoos, bonsai tree forests, etc.! Highly recommended.
Nice park
Working hours from 8AM (or 9?) till 5PM.Spend 2-3-4 hours there, many flowers (in season), animals, folk village inside, two interesting caves. Just nice! :)
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Beautiful Wide Park
Entrance Fee 12,000 won. Very wide park. Enjoyed each part of the park.. Not so many flowers are blooming.. Peacock were left free roaming at the park.
Great Park for Kids
This is a great park for the kids, next to a beautiful beech. Loads for the kids to do. Great place for a picnic
More than flowers
Pleasantly surprized that there are varied natural creations to view. Caves, Bonsai, fruits...Delighted with the free calender.
A relaxing park
Hallim Park is huge and divided into various sections. You can spend almost a day slowly strolling through the different sections for plants, animals, cactus and you can even visit underground caves. You can also visit a very small old village modelled after the olden days of Korea. It’s a place suitable for all families with kids or senior citizens. The entry ticket is on the expensive side for Jeju.
Hallim Park
If you like bonsai, tulips and great landscaping, this botanic garden is for you. I particularly loved the hundred year old bonsai trees delicately nurtured to inspire visitors of its natural beauty.
A tropical park very well maintained
A lover of plants and trees would love to spend hours here in this park. The lava tube may be a new experience for some . . . .
Everything in One Park
We should have just come here on Day 1 instead of on our last day in Jeju.It has the caves, stone statue, flower, cactus, bonsai, reptiles, birds,  etc all within the park. Even though it was winter, we still enjoy the visit. There were no beautiful flowers but we could still see cactus, birds, reptile, tropicals ferns, etc. If you enjoy botanic garden , stress free walk, you will love this place. It is huge place so we find ourselves rushing to try to see everything. I m sure there are more beautiful gardens and caves in other countries but in jeju, i consider this good. This park is near to 2 beautiful sandy beaches so you can spend a day innthis area. There are restaurants, cafes, etc near the beach but cos winter most were closed.If you are driving just drive along the coast to see the beaches. Our first trip is a touch and go but our hext trip, we will focus on one  or two main areas. We could not do the hiking cos it takes time and better with an overnight stay near the base of the mountains.
So You like flowers and plants?
This was one of the most popular things to do in jeju and we stayed close by so was a no brainer. Cost $11,000krw to get in, and had heaps of different plants and flowers from different parts of the world etc. overall not too bad, october is the off season to go so was very quiet. If you love plants you’ll love this if not properly not the place for you.
Nice stroll
We saw birds, ostrich, peacocks and various bonsai trees. You need at least 2 to 3 hrs to enjoy the place. There is also a cave with paved walkways.
Great afternoon out
If you can't make it to Manjanggul caves, there are caves here too. There is a lot of English signage for the trees, which is great. There is a cafe and restaurant on site. I really enjoyed the  afternoon out, lots of lovely different areas to explore.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Beautiful place
Hallim is a beautiful place where you could see a little bit of everything (cave, flowers, village etc). Each sector is small, but it does deserve a visit while in Jeju.
Tropical Hallim Park - the official name
I came here by accident thinking it was simply a nice local park.  The entrance fee was $11,000.  I took a bus and taxi to get here so I went in anyway, thinking I’d just stay a short while. I stayed for hours.   There are all types of plants, flowers and trees organized by type.  There are also turtles, snakes, lizards, birds- and peacocks y can see walking about you. There’s an area showing old living accommodations in Jeju.  There are real lava caves on the property.  There is just so much to see.  I also got a delicious chocolate ice cream cone for 3000.
Beautiful place
Its a beautiful and quiet park to visit. Enjoyed the bonsai area and birds area alot with my 5 year old daughter. There are bonsais as old as 300 yrs old! Signages are clear to indicate the different areas in the park.There is a restaurant within the park itself at the folk village, serves korean food and also small food outlets selling convenient food, ice cream, drinks and beer. There is also a herb cafe in the park, selling herbal teas.A place that is away from crowds to spend an afternoon leisurely with your kids.
Lovely garden
Tulips are great. But cherry blossom are ending. The tropical garden is very impressive. If only the other parts of the garden were better maintained. I would have rated this place 5 stars. The caves was very interesting. From hot garden to cold caves. The follow by waterfall. It’s very nice transition. One must spend about 3-4 hours to fully explore this garden and use the guide to walk through the garden. I really enjoyed walking this garden with many different theme. Keep up the good work and hopefully with your increased price you can do better maintenance.
Amazing Park!
It is a very nice park and a lot of attractive scenery and nice place to take pictures snd so on. Strongly recommended!
Big place with many attractions
It’s a very big place.. there are a cave, garden, mang kind of birds, trees ans flowers.. i think it is a good place to visit in jeju.. you can see many things here.. but it is difficult to find a bus to here and the bus is not ontime..
Not the best Jeju attraction
Pretty big park with 2 caves that you can go through. Many school trips come here so don't be surprised to see flocks of students in the weekdays too. Nice peaceful area but there are quite a few other Jeju attractions I would see first if you're on a time limit.
Big place but not maintained well
The place is big but there are many places that are not well maintained. Tall grasses in some places and many of the plants are left to grow without some serious planning. The caves are nice though, clean and doesn't have the smell of bat urine. The bonsais are quite nice too.
Beautiful place
The caves are amazing, well maintained and secured, very clean.  I am just wondering why other tourist doesn't want to go inside. If you visit hallim, don't ever miss passing the caves before going to other attractions of the park.  The second thing that attracted me most are the wide bonsai collection and the stones. They are really beautiful, picture perfect.
Wonderful Afternoon Ended on a Very Sad Note
We spent the afternoon at Hallim Park and thoroughly enjoyed the statues, the bonsai garden, the rock sculptures, the caves and the traditional village.  The grasses section appeared to be very dry and in need of some immediate cleaning up.  We were shocked and saddened by what we saw in the bird section.  The ostriches were clearly in distress as they had lost many feathers and were showing signs of balding.  They were enclosed in an area devoid of greenery and appeared to be desperately seeking out food by nipping the air.  The enclosure did not allow for these beautiful birds to run and get the necessary exercise.  Yes, there were food dishes in various locations however they didn't seem to meet the needs of the ostriches.  The peacocks were also showing signs of stress as their plumage was rather thin.  They were enclosed in an area where the floor was of interlocking brick.  This is as far from a natural setting as possible. Our visit ended on a sour note and it is our hope that the dire situation of these birds will be addressed by those in charge.  We highly advise anyone who visits this park to make his/her concerns known as it is the only way to rectify this sad situation.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Not must things to visit inside , fare 10000 won per person
Fare was expensive but nothing to see inside almost flower and tree ,some place was not very clean ..
Impressive plant collection
This park includes a variety of sights including two lava tubes, an aviary that includes a variety of peacocks, ostriches etc, a small traditional village, strange little rock people sculptures, and a very impressive botanical garden with outdoor sections around a pond and several green houses.   Some strange combinations in the outdoor section with large palms mixed up with various types of cacti and other random mixes of fabulous plant specimens from all over the world.  The greenhouse plants seem a bit more organized by regions or types (e.g., large cactus collection in one greenhouse; palms in another), with live animals interspersed between the plants (impressive boa and python collection, also some special turtles, and lizards such as nile monitors, iguanas, etc.).  In between plant viewing, I enjoyed a nice cool cactus juice relaxing in the herb bar.
Great place to experience a consoldiated Jeju Island
At Hallim park, there are a few lava caves that are interesting, and very cool (temperature).  The flower gardens are very nice.  The bonsai garden has trees that date to 300 years ago.  They are constantly trimmed to keep them small.  There is a restaurant at the entrance, and a rest area with a gift shop in the center of the park.
A wide park and garden. Good for family with children
If you are a family with children, it is good to visit. But if you are alone or couple, you would not be interested only with plants..
Family fun
Very beautiful park with flowers and cultures, exotic animals and a continued paved walk through a number of cool dark caves.
Well Worth The Visit
There are several things to visit and see inside the Hailim Park.  This botanical garden includes bonsai artwork and garden, a Jeju stone, a Jaeam Folk Village, an underground Hyeopjae & Sangyong Cave, and a zoo.  Well worth a visit.  Best time to visit is in the spring especially during the cherry blossom season.
Enjoyed the lava caves
first advise don't travel juju alone ... tour and tour buses become a necessity ... as i was travelling by public bus it took almost more then an hour to reach there .... was already a bit tired by the time we reached ... After going in was a bit excited at how beautiful the place is .... but its so huge that we got bored watching trees after trees at such heat ..... exciting part was the lava cave.... where it was also coooollll.... there are many places to take pictures .... a very good picnic spot .... will enjoy with family
Good park to visit with lots to offer... just don't go there hungry.
Was skeptical at first. But the park turns out to be pretty nice.  With amazing bonzai (some over 300 years old), flowers, lava caves and even peacocks!  We were lucky that we visited during cherry blossoms season, so it was an added bonus.  Only caution is don't go there hungry.  Food there is terrible and expensive.  Much better to eat elsewhere then visit the park for a good 3-4 hours.
Great experience!
We spent around 2-3 hours in Hallim Park, and didn't regret it. The flowers and the botanical garden were beautiful, the cave and the water area were also very interesting. Very good opportunities to take photos. As we went in April, we got to enjoy the countless cherry blossoms! My personal highlight was the 300-year old bonsai in the bonsai area. If you're in the area, this is definitely worth a visit. There are several restrooms inside the park, as well as spots where you can buy food at a reasonable price.
Wonderful park
Walking between different kind of plants. It is nice for who love nature. Also I love folk village, cave, and Bonsai tree. It was 20,000 Won Taxi cap from Jeju Lotte Hotel, and you don't have to keep your taxi waiting for you because there are many taxi in erea.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Amazing Park
Hallim park is part botanical garden, mini zoo, and culture center. The majority of Hallim is mediocre, but the jewel of the park is its rich bonsai collection.An hour is okay
All in one park
Great place for nature lovers to soak in multi themes and explore the Hyeopjae & Ssangyong caves in one location for admission price of KRW10000. Park is wheelchair friendly and is a great place for friends and family to spend a few hours together. The park does not feel overly crowded as it is spread over 80 acres. Visitors still enjoy tranquil surroundings even though the park is crowded.
Green is always good!
Could not expect that it is so huge, need a lot of time to visit all the places. So many different plants, birds, even caves. The whole way is well organized, u just need to follow arrows to see everything step by step.There are several cultures and climates that you can see in bigger size than just normal botanical garden. Jeju culture is represented there a lot as well, so will not regret about missing local features.
Average
I reached Jeju around 1pm and planned to go to Hyeopjae beach for the sunset, since Hallim parknis just 5minute walk away, we decided to go there while waiting for the sunset. Entrance fee is 10,000₩. My personal opinion, I don't feel it's worth it. I came with my friends on a budget trip, and we are from the tropical side of the world. There's nothing much to see for us. The birds, The tropical Garden, The palm trees, The water park, there's nothing much there to impress us. Unless you have a lot of time to spare in Jeju (unlike us), or you plan to sit down and relax (because it's a nice place to relax and enjoy nature), you can skip this place. To be fair, I did enjoy the cave walk and tye bonsai.To go there: take bus #702 from Jeju intercity bus terminal, before you board, tell the driver you're going to Hallim Park and swipe your T-Money card. It took around 1hour for us to reach there.
Hallim Park - Huge and Nice
This Hallim Park is a big area with the palm tree, tulips, cherry blossom, etc.  They also have some cave and near to the sea.  They have Historical Story since 1971 if you see the website.  We need to have 2-3 hours i think to go arround.  When i visit here last week, we still can see the tulips.
Delightful Garden
Walking through this garden park is very peaceful and relaxing. There is a cool cave feature so you get to also go into caves. The captive birds are in small enclosures and the peacocks look like there tail feathers have been pulled. Also there is a white sand beach walk across the street after you are done the park. Taxi from Ramada Plaza was 26000 wan. Bus ride home was 3000 wan and took about an hour on the 702.
Not bad but amazing caves
Pro: Great caves, delicious hallabong icies, beautiful water liliesCons: Quite expensive, a little bit dated, the peacocks look sickly
A lil kitchy and dates but the caves and bansai trees are great
It's a mixed review.  The ticket price is 10,000KRW per adult and since other natural attractions are around 2,000KRW, this park should be well worth it.  Highs: The caves are really cool as well as the Bansai and Stone Garden. The park is easy to walk and has shops and toilets easily available.  Transportation is also easy as it's just the 702 bus from the Jeju Intercity Bus Terminal for 1 hour. Lows: The park is dated, like late 90s with its signage and information cards.  The bird exhibit, stone exhibit and flower garden are average at best.  While the park trail is easy to walk, you do walk through gift shops for the next exhibits (so a bit too tourist-y). Overall, it makes for a decent easy afternoon, especially with kids or elderly.  The park needs some updating to be worth the ticket price, but it is close to the beach (just 5 mins walking).
Hallim Park
Nice park, relaxing. The Lava Tubes within the park were nice and cool. Try to go on a cool day. The grounds are nicely kept. The ostriches were not taken care of very well. The rest of the birds were ok. Bonsai garden was interesting. Only the hydrangeas were in season, so no flowers😞. Only spent a couple of hours there, then headed to the beach across the street.
All in one park
Hallim is mixture of small zoo,botanical garden, lava caves and stones. We arrived     In morning after rain,park was quiet, with not many visitors, relaxing. I liked walking through volcanic caves, beautiful bonsai garden with some trees around 300year old. And completely white peacocks, I did not know before such ones even exist.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Fantastic 9 themes park
On entering through the entrance, one comes to the palm tree avenue. Different types of palm trees and cactuses greet you.  Next up is the wild grass and flowers garden. Felt relax walking along the path. Further ahead  are the Hyeopjae and Ssangyong caves. These 2 caves were formed by an eruption of Mt Halla many years ago. The temperature inside the caves is around 18 degrees celsius throughout the year so walking inside was cooling. Look out for the famed natural monuments, Pillar, Mother , the two dragons up on the roof, stalactites and stalagmites, and Dr. Jin and the fox girl.. Coming out to the cave,Jeju stones greet you gesturing Welcome . Next proceed to Jae-am folk village where one can see thatched  roof houses with stone walls. Do take a photo with the tall statue of Stone Grandfather, Dolharubang.  Next  will be the bird garden where you will see parrots, pheasants, ostriches and elegant peacocks walking around spreading their colourful stunning feathers. The following spot is Jae-am stone exhibit hall  where over 200 stones are displayed. We were amazed by the natural stone sculptures in the shape of  birds and waterfall. Walking on , following the signs, one comes to water garden where you can see 5 beautiful ponds, capped by the grand waterfall.. Finally you will reach the last section, subtropical botanic garden where  there are palm trees, foliage plants, herbs  alongside parrots, lizards, snakes and tortoises. After all the walking and photo taking, proceed to have lunch at Dolharubang restaurant  to try Jeju's traditional foods, like the delicious pork bulgogi. Or you can have freshly made seafood at Palm  Tree Restaurant. Or if you do not wish to lunch, you can enjoy fresh herb beverages at  Herb Cafe.
Cool place
Had a really good time walking around the park. The gardens are beautiful and the lava caves are cool too! Worth a visit if you're passing by.
Nice stroll in the park
A larger version of Bontanic Gardens. Provide rental of prams for babies/ toddlers👍. The weather was good when I was there, hands nice and relaxing tour. They have cactus, flowers, plants, water park, caves, birds etc
Interesting things to see
Stay in touch with nature and culture with this big park. Take time to appreciate the caves and read about the stories. I especially like the bonsai park. During spring, make sure to check out the rape seed canola flower beds and the cherry blossom trees on bloom.
Lovely gardens and interesting caves
This was our first attraction after arriving in Jeju-do. It was recommended by several locals including our taxi driver. We had a mixed aged group with us (4 year old active little boy to my 70 year mother) and everyone was able to enjoy what the park had to offer. My mom and aunts were amazed by the plants, especially the hundred year old bonsai trees. My two kids loved the caves. First time that I have ever seen white peacocks. The only thing I found rather odd was the petting zoo that requires another fee.
Excellent Site to Visit
You could easily do 4-5 hours or even a day trip at Hallim Park. The first part of the gardens is uninspired, but persevere and head to the lava caves, tulip garden (late March/early April), bonsai gardens and beyond.
seasonal flowers
I like the ume flower garden, canola flower field, mini traditional folk village and greenhouses of cactus.
Beautiful place to spend time and take pictures
I like the way they have put up arrows for you to follow around the park so you won't miss anything.  But if you want to take short cuts and look for the peacocks, it will be pretty hard, as there is no guide and the people there can hardly speak English.  I got lost looking for the peacocks even though I had a map.
A very well designed and maintained tropical garden
If you have limited time, I would highly recommend this garden over the Yeomiji Botanic Garden.  There is so much to see and with the very helpful signs, there was no anxiety about getting lost.  The garden is designed for 1-way traffic so once you enter into one of the many feature spaces, you can't decide to opt out but have to continue until the exit point.  We did not know just how vast the garden was and wished we had allocated more time.  The bonsai and stone garden was really outstanding.When leaving the garden, do consider taking a scenic drive along the west side of Jeju Island and head towards Jungmun.  This stretch of coast was truly out of this world beautiful.
Caves were the highlight
Lovely park. Went with a tour group so was a rush. Would have been better to spend more time there. The caves is a must see.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Nothing fantastic
Well, there were some photo-taking opportunities at the folk village (in the centre), a small waterfall etc. There's a bird section that comprised of a couple of parrots being kept in a small cage, and some other depressing-looking birds. Possibly some animal section (can't remember what they call it), with some big tortoises etc, and a lizard?Skipped the lava cave section as we had gone to see the other, more famous Manjang cave.Some tropical garden that was disappointing in terms of plant variety and "rare" factor. The bonsai garden is another major disappointment. We stepped into a big, totally un-aesthetic tent, with bonsai pots laid out on tables like goods in a warehouse. At the other end of the tent, a trail led out into what seemed like an unkempt garden with just trees, so we didn't bother to go check it out. We wanted to check out the flower garden but we must have missed the entrance path along the way - no signboard, no entrance and no sign of flowers (maybe they don't bloom in October?). We just did a cursory walk around the park and made our escape after an hour.I seldom recommend my own country to other travelers, but if anyone wants to visit an interesting garden, Gardens by the Bay in Singapore is so much better than the gardens at Hallim Park. I'm quite puzzled why this has such good reviews, but you can always visit it and be your own judge.
Huge and wonderful park to explore
Even at KRW10,000, this park is a good value visit as it is large and well maintained, with plenty to explore and see. This is probably the only man-made attraction on Jeju Island I highly recommend visiting.On average, one would probably take about 2-3 hours to see everything. I especially liked the lava tube caves and the bonsai garden. The bonsai trees in the park are really quite amazing. The park also houses some very beautiful birds, exotic animals and interesting lava rocks. There is even a folk village area. In my opinion, you can skip visiting the Seongeup Folk Village (which is a tourist trap designed to sell you really expensive products) once you have been here. Apparently, this park was started by one Mr. Song back in the 70s. It sure comes across as a labor of love.
Super super park
We liked this place very much! Natural, beautiful and wonderful park! Definitely worth visiting and spending the whole day. I liked the caves best of all )
Hallim park
We decided to visit one of JeJu’s famous attractions Hallim park. We took bus 100 from the Jeju intercity bus station and had a relaxing journey to the west side of the island passing through countryside and the coast line. The bus stops at the Hallim park bus stop and you still have a little walk along the road and through the car park until you come to the entrance.(entrance fee 10,000 won) we were lucky because the weather was good for June , sunny but not too hot as you do spend alot of time walking around. On entering you will see a large map of the park with all its attractions numbered, there is also a very good gift shop which has a large range of items from T.shirts to natural products made into soaps and teas. Then you start the walk of around 10 different attractions including water garden, bird garden, subtropical garden and ofcourse the attraction most people come to see the Hyeopjae and Ssangyong caves.Jeju is famous for its volcanic larva tubes and caves and if you haven’t visited any then this is a good time as its alot more convenient than doing another trip to the other caves. The park is actually quite big and you do need to spend a good 2 hours to see it all, so if your going to visit the nearby beaches allow yourself enough time.There are also some restaurants and washroom facilities.
Flower power
This relaxing adventure is full of all kinds of beautiful flowers. I have been here 3 times. I recommend going in the spring when many flowers are in bloom.
Fun park
The park was full of nice gardens and i was really impressed by the caves. Was only 10,000 won entry and i think it was worth the visit
A great park
A nice botanic garden with interesting elements. I particularly like the bonsai garden with lots of areas to sit and admire the specimens. Since we only had a very limited time, we were not able to see the other areas.
Great park to walk around with family
Me and my husband visited Hallim Park, the beach just outside the park is beautiful so make sure to allow some time to check it out. The park itself consists of about 7-8 different theme subsessions. It was a lot bigger than I expected. The park was very well signed and designed with lots attention to details. Of cause it is not comparable to the natural beauty of Jeju but for a man made park, it is a great choice for an outing with family for 2 hours.
caves, bonsai trees, birds, nice gardens
caves, bonsai trees, birds, nice gardens, restaurant in traditional style, and very well maintained area, the owner really has a passion to gardening and pride for his homeland. worth to visit at anytime, in summer you can also enjoy magic sandy beaches on the other side of the park
One park with many plant collections and sights
This park has a collection of 7-8 sections of different type of plants and sights, such as tropical plants, cactus collections, bonsai collection, wild flowers, cave systems, folk village, small cave system etc. You could easily spent 2 hours at this park. The park is nicely planned and appropriately signed to guide the exploration of the entire park. We really liked its cactus collection and roads lined by famous Jeju-harubang (stone human-shaped statues). We definitely recommend visiting this fabulous park.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Pleasant Surprise
My husband and I were staying in the Hallim area and our taxi driver mistakenly took us to Hallim Park. Especially since it was a bit chilly and an overcast day, the beautiful green houses and occasionally covered areas were a nice break from the weather. The park itself is nothing overly spectacular, but it has a little bit of everything with a nice mix of Jeju style to your typical botanical gardens type park. Plants, flowers, animals, exhibits, and fun!
Beautiful botanic garden
This is one of the best place we visited in Jeju. Various things to see such as flowers, plants, birds, small reptiles, lava cave etc. I love the cactus garden most. Great for photo taking and a slow stroll with family members! I did not fully explore the place due to time constraint. Guess it probably need around 2-3 hrs to slowly explore the park.
Nice caverns
The park has birds area , flowers area, caverns with lots of other attractions probably you need 4 hour to see it all.We like the caverns more than anything else
beautiful
so many beautiful flowers, with mini bird park. also caves where you can learn about geography. there is an entrance fee but cheap. so just enjoy the beauty!
Acres of manicured gardens
At the entrance of this huge garden layout is lush, green plants  there is a bonsai garden, herb gardens, an array of flowers, a subtropical garden, water garden and a stone display as you travel along a palm garden road. There is a fair amount of walking.This display of trees, plants and gardens is a wonderful experience although its the caves, limestone tube-shaped structures growing downward from the ceiling of the cave and stalagmites that grow from the floor up. Structures are formed  containing calcium-bicarbonate. Fossilized seashells, frozen lava, and numerous other structures which enhanced our walk through the caves.  Visit the stone exhibition hall, see the parrots and the various species of birds. A must see attraction.
Pleasant visit
Extensive botanical gardens which include some caves. Well worth a visit to explore. Allow plenty of time.
See most of what Jeju has to offer in one place!
Jeju is rather large and most of the sights are quite far apart. It can take an hour to 2 hours to get to the various sights. If you do not have much time like we did and you would like to get a real feel for the Island without doing all the travelling, I would definitely recommend Hallim Park! It costs 9000 won per person and it is definitely worth it!The park is about an hour a way from Jeju Bus Terminal. I'm not sure of the bus number but if you go to the Bus Terminal and tell them that you'd like to go to Hallim Park, they will direct you to gate 11 - It costs about 2500 won. The park has everything - Flowers, trees, Bonsai trees, caves, stone structures, a folk village and beautiful water park with stunning lotus flowers! It is clean and very well kept. Hyopjae beach is also pretty close by so you can just pop over there after the park if you are keen on the beach - about a 5 minute walk. The beach is small but its clean and beautiful. I would not suggest that you have lunch at the restaurant at the park. The lunch wasn't very good to be honest and it was rather pricey (8000 won for bibimbab and 12000 won for a seafood dish that hardly had any seafood in it). Other than that, the park itself was wonderful!
Gardens of Eden
Heaven on Earth - volcanic stone sculptures abound - every tree a bonsai - cedar, pine, maple and more.  Azaleas were in full bloom and a delight in colour.  The birds, in particular the white peacock who posed displaying all his feathers fanned out.  Then onto the water garden with its lotus blooms, fish and waterfalls.  I would do anything to have a garden like this in which to spend my days.
Multi theme garden in one place
Place for everyone - Solo, couple or with family.Garden has multiple theme garden build in. Botany students can spend days. Best one is Bonsai garden. There is exhibition on garden formation with pictures but everything is in Korean. Tropical garden is beautiful too.Note: Tropical garden is built one way street – you go in and come out after long walk. You might get lost.
Jeju - all in one
The park is a great snapshot of what the island has to offer.  The gardens highlight a number of different plant species as well as shelter the lava tube which is both breathtaking and refreshing is the weather outside is toasty hot.  There are bonsai exhibits, traditional korean village exhibitions and even an aviary.  Very neat and pleasant way to spend an afternoon.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Awesome!!
This place is just great! I love Hallim Park especially the caves! they are so mystical!! the parks has most of the natural attractions. The park is huge and you may need to spend hours in it to enjoy everything that they offer. It was so relaxing and very nice.
Nice caves, terrible conditions for its birds
Visited mainly to see the lava caves. Walked past the bird enclosure on the way out and was shocked to see the crowded small bare enclosures they are kept in.
Experience Nature
Unexpected place. Really huge. Good for family visit. Fun time with the kids. You may need to spend the whole day in the area.
A magical Garden
To put it simply one of the best garden parks Ive ever been to. A magical place which  peacocks roam around. very professionally done, a must see while here.
Had a great time walking around the botanical garden
The park is located close to the beach, it’s entrance fee is 12,000 won, it have a variety of plants, a cave, birds and some reptiles. A great way to spend a few hours.
Please skip
This is just a park with some trees, caged birds, caves and bonsai. Nothing very spectacular for the krw120000 of entry fee. The signage was insufficient to the various sights so I walked around quite a bit but still didn’t find some key sights.
Exceeded Expectations
This is a very nice park with some diverse points of interest. The lava tubes were interesting. Especially stunning is the walk through many, some quite old, bonsai. What was an aside visit for us became one of the highlights of our trip. I’d suggest two hours at least.
Beautiful Spot
Don't rush through this place, it's definitely worth several hours. The mega-sized bonsais were a particular highlight for us.
Nice collection of flowers and cacti
Good for an afternoon stroll. Nice collection of flowers, cacti and bonsai trees. Impressive cages and not too crowded (visited in September) Enjoyed the peace and green scenery. Did not like wild birds in the garden, as I do not support animals in captivity.
Alright
Nice stroll around the garden, the lava tunnels are cool and most waterlilies in bloom. Nice, but not spectacular. Not an absolute must.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Worth visiting with Kids
The park has a lot to offer, needs quite some time to fully explore everything.They offer strollers for kids/babies at the entrance (We brought our own though).
Nice but not worth the ticket price
Most of government tourist attraction charge 2.000 won, and the place are so beautiful because its natural. Halim is man made park. It's pretty. It takes around 1-2 hours inside. However the price is not value for money. A lot of other morreee beautiful park in Busan n Seoul that we can visit for free.
Beautiful place and worth to visit
It was a lovely trip in Hallim Park, it has many beautiful views to take photos of.It’s so big we spent 4 hours to finish it, and after that we went to Hyeopjae beach which is 5 minutes away from there. However, I was disappointed because of there was one restaurant and it only serves Korean food.
Nice Garden!
Must come when spring season on early April. There will be more flowers especially cherry blossom and tulips.
An impressive private park
Went for a stroll after visiting Hanna Mountain. The cactus conservatory was impressive and we rounded up that part of Hallim Park with a thirst quenching cactus drink.  Similarly the cool walk into the lava cave, and the connecting limestone cave was particularly enjoyable, taking shelter from the melting sun. Highlight of this trip was feeding of birds inside a bird house.   We purchased their food at the vending machine.  Having them eating out of one's palm brought back fond memories of childhood.
If you want a summary of jeju
The park is nice and had a good size. There are a variety of different sections and when you add it all up it gives a good mini summary of Jeju - with the caves, stone park, waterfall, historical aspects, flower garden, and bird park. If you have only 2-3 days in Jeju this should be a must on the itinerary.
A bit overrated
Not much to see, looked a little bit worn out to me. Any way its nice if you have extra time on your hands
Peaceful place on the jeju island
I was so surprised of beauty this park. I walked about 4 hours here to watch all places.in this park you can find beautiful birds, gardens, waterfall, caves, etc. to spend day here is amazing cause you feel that you in a forest with many trees and other signs of nature.
big enough & diff topic in park
big enough & diff topic in park. you could see the flower, bird, cave etc,,,,not too crowded when i visited, good place for spending time
Best place to visit
This place is a garden and there is cave and lot of birds, literally this place has everything. It is worth the visit, I like the cactus garden and the bird feeding area. I will definitely come back again with my family. I made a vblog during my trip, come and see if it is worth the visit.Search by title :#3 TRAVEL BLOG DAY 2 JEJU - NATURE - GD CAFE
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Pleasant wandering....
Pleasant wander around here. 2-3 hours with a stop for lunch. We took our little dog on a lead and no problem. The water garden and Bonsai were my favourite. Reasonable admission for the amount to see. Definitely a must do!
Exceeded Expectations
Wow-this place is huge, gorgeous and meticulously maintained. Spent 3 hours there wandering aimlessly, just loved it and the calming vibe. Just wish the shops and vendors stayed until 7 pm close as I missed the chance to try cactus ice cream. Don't drive past this place if u have an hour or a few to spend.
A nice park
A nice park with nine different ereas. The only important ones in my mind ofcourse is the caves and the Bonsai garden. The other partd you can find in many places.
All in one Park
This is a very good park. You can see a lot of varieties of flowers, trees, and birds in this park. Also, you have a chance to see two-dimensional caves.
Family trip
Enjoyed wandering through flowers, and bonsai trees. Interesting look at the folk village and some gorgeous peacocks. Takes a couple hours tops but a nice place to visit
Nice trip to Hallim park in Jeju.
This park has 9 zones, botanic garden, caves , flower garden, water garden....We spent a present day out in the park.
Breathtaking place
It's a beautiful park to stroll around in the spring time (that's when I visitors Jeju) and given the good weather condition, walking around is just refreshing and calming. A must visit place
Very expensive
The entrance fee is very expensive. From 10,000 won now increased to 11,000 won. It's not really worth it to visit during early spring as most trees and flowers are not in full bloom yet. Some parts are closed and only during certain months so suggest to visit when the trees and flowers are in full bloom. Hyeopjae Beach is nearby, nice to visit.
Interesting Park...
Interesting! There are quite a few things to visit like Botanic Garden, Bonsai Garden, Folk Village, Lava Cave, Bird Garden, Water Garden etc. Recommended!
Enjoyable Trip
It was a nice walk around Hallim Park especially if you like Bonsai trees, folk Village and more...We had a great walk around👍the area and the weather was so freshly cold😀. Went to the caves was also interesting. Beautiful garden👍. A place to come back👍👏. I like to put more pictures but I could only put 10 of them.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
A nice escape for fresh air from the city life.
This is a refreshing place with a variety of trees. Very nice and fresh. It is packed with tourist also. There is a coffee house and a buffet dinner restaurant.
Mostly Barren
We went during the winter so most of the plants had no flowers nor leaves. The ones that did were amazing though. They have signs in Korean, Japanese, Chinese, and English. It was pretty informative. There's an aviary that's open so people can interact with some of the birds. I can imagine what it must look like in the spring. Definitely coming back to see all the flowers blooming.
An all-in-one park
A very nice nature park with lots of flora and fauna. There is lots to see and do so do set aside more time to spend at this place. Do wear a pair of comfortable walking shoes and take lots of pictures!
Good sample of things to see in Jeju
This is a big park where you get to sample the attractions seen in Jeju . We enjoyed visiting the folk museum, flower and bonsai garden, Jeju stone park as well as the place where they have big palm trees. Our time was limited so we didn't really stay here for long.
Nice to see. I liked the lava tube
This place combines a few areas that are nice to see in one area, such as tropical plants, flowers etc. I liked the short lava tubes. There is a bonsai garden. We skipped the flower section since there were no flowers during autumn (at least the toru guid claimed, but we didn't check).
A good place to spend a relaxing morning (or afternoon).
We enjoyed our visit to Hallim Park very much. The parking was easy and ticket was very reasonable. If you like plants, then you are in luck. A lot of plants to see and I loved the lilies among other things. There are rock gardens and lava tubs (underground). Since the park is quite big (bigger than other gardens/parks on the island), you'd never feel crowded. We even had lunch at the on-site restaurant and it was quite good. As noted on the top, this is a great place to spend a few hours while visiting Jeju Island.
Loved the park, had a good 3 hr stroll through the park.
Hallim Park was definitely one of my favourite spots in Jeju.There were so many different areas to visit within the park and so much to do and see. Of course, I went in May and the weather was superb. Bright and sunny with clear blue skies.I liked that there was a bit of everything to see and do here. Do take note that it can get quite chilly in the underground lava tubes, so bring a jacket when you go in. Don't say you weren't warned! Pleasantly surprised to see peacocks, some were even let loose and just strolling around us like it was the most normal thing on earth.
Friend visit
About 40min drive from jeju it was a park with about 5 areas. Not bad but not amazing. Weather needs to be good or else don't bother. A few good photo's, a few short walks .... it's ok.
Plants and Lava tubes!!
it was a hot summer day when our tour guide took us to this park. It has a very large variety of plants and bonsai. Some of the bonsai plants are more than 100 years old!! The most interesting bit in my opinion was going into the lava tubes which are like under ground caves with unusual rock formations. Wear comfortable shoes. Its not strenuous but best to be comfortable when walking.
Excellent Hallim Park
Beautiful park, great wonderful helpful staff, totally enjoyed it. Must go when in Jeju Island! Recommend for everyone!!
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Short and pleasant walk at Hallim Park.
Very impressive bonsai tree collection. Interesting underground caves with both lava and lime. Not crowded.
Must love plants
It is a relaxing place to visit, however we went in the winter. There wasn't a lot, but what was there was beautiful. I would love to go back in the spring.
Average botanical garden
I love flowers and tropical exotic plants, however we were there in July 2016 we don't find too many flowers around just a few species. We did find kiwi fruit tree in there with its fruits, our first time to see the tree. It was hot and humid, so umbrella and cold bottled water are recommended.
Beautiful with Tulip Festival
Beautiful place, big and many kinds of strees, flowers, stones, bird, cave...And the old town for Dechangkum film to stay here before
Fun walking in nature
the place is fun for walking between different kind of plants and animals. there are 3 caves and the weather inside it is cold during the summer time so you can walk there if you feel hot. there is also folk village and a water park
Tropical Hallim Park
Hallim Park is Jeju largest theme park with various botanic gardens. It was created in 1971 by Mr Bong-kyu Song who loved his homeland to welcome visitors to Jeju Island. The park is located at the west side of the island. You may reach there by taxi or taking bus 702 from the Jeju city outer city bus terminal and stop at Hallim.VIPs from China, Finland, Japan, North Korea and the US had visited the park.Inside this tropical park, it has several botanic gardens with beautiful pot plants, flowers & common Jeju stone statues, a bird garden where you can see white peacock and the unique larva caves (Hyeopjae and Ssangyong Caves). It also has  the Dolharubang Restaurant which serves Jeju's traditional foods, the Palm Tree Restaurant to serve freshly made seafood and the Herb cafe to serve coffee and herb beverages.A good place for a day visit  by the family.
Exceptional Bonsai Collection
Hallim park is part botanical garden, mini zoo, and culture center. The majority of Hallim is mediocre, but the jewel of the park is its rich bonsai collection. There's an extensive range of bonsai trees at display, some of them are over 300 years old. To those unfamiliar with bonsai trees, they may just be miniature trees; but to those who know the value of these works of art, these bonsai trees are literally priceless. In fact, it's almost unbelievable how openly accessible these trees are to the guests, considering their value and need for extreme care.If you're planning on visiting, briefly study the artistry before your trip to enhance the enjoyment. This is a one-of-a-kind collection.
Botanical garden
I went in a hot summer day so I can't judge. It has different plants, animals, folk village and cave. If you interest in these things you might like it. I went there because I have free time to spend but I think if the weather is better it will be different
Great hour to spend
An hour is okay, but if you have the time it might be better to make this 1,5 hour. We combined this with waiting for the Mongolian horse show, which you should not miss and close to this location. You \can also enjoy the beautifull Jeju-beach on the other side of the road.This park is very well maintained. Enjoy the beautifull Bonsai trees, the waterfalls, the flowers, the cave and the statues. The cave was the least exciting to us, but the bonsai trees from over 150 years old were most impressive.
Commercialize
The only things good at here is the cave. Others than that you can see all the stuff in other places. Maybe the bonsai tree abit special but, not to my interest.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
An enjoyable experience
This park was the favorite place of my kids in Jeju. They could play with many kinds of birds and exploring safe caves here. My husband and I prefer watching bonsai trees and had intention of bringing some to our home if they could set them for sale. A place to have nice fun with family, just safe and green.
A lot of theme park
There's a lot of themed park to choose from. But some of it can only be enjoyed during selected weather seasons (ex. winter, spring).
Huge ecological park
C1 ( 2016.07.14 ) This park was larger than I think. There was consist of several area, and had various theme. I saw many plants, animals, folk village, cave, etc in this park. I felt good in walking road with various ecology system. All was good to me, but reptile in small transparent box was pitiful. If had time, I want to feel natural feelings in this park keeping my composure. Excellent place to enjoy reserve.
Worth visitng beautiful maintained gardens.  Can spend all day
Our trip to Hallim Park was wonderful.  If you love nature you will love to explore the well maintained gardens.  I love the garden with Bonsai trees as well as the Cactus garden.  There are caves inside the park too which you can visit.
Surprisingly Fun
A lot of zone/theme - probably around 11. We like the cave, bonsai, bird park and tropical garden. The building is a little bit outdated.
A Pretty, Peaceful Garden
I'm told that Jeju Island is called "The Hawaii of Asia". As a Hawaii resident, I'd have to say that Jeju is very similar to Hawaii, and never more so than in Hallim Tropical Park. I felt very much like Hawaii, with lots of lush vegetation, birds, animals and humid weather! If you enjoy nature and the outdoors, you'll enjoy this park!
Relaxing all-in-one visit
Good for family with small children or elderly, or couples wait relaxing visits. It has lava caves, flowers, stones, old villages, excellent for us!!!
Amazing
If you are a nature lover and want to feel the beauty of nature and fall in oove with the peacocks then you better visit this place.Splendid
A good botanical garden
A casual walk to various areas (with different themes) within the park was very relaxing. The park was well maintained and landscaped.  It deserved spending a few hours visiting interesting areas.
Great attraction
Could have spent half a day here. Gardens were beautiful. The lava caves were nice to walk through to break up the heat! Interesting animals throughout.  Ran out of time and missed seeing the water gardens.  Great way to spend a day outside. Especially enjoyed the bonsai garden.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Surprisingly nice and interesting with Lava caves
Had a mixture of nice gardens, some birds and lava caves. When I entered and started walking, it did not sem like much, but then impressed me as I went on. So enjoyed it quite a bit, was a good pleasant walk. Worthwhile if you go to Jeju.
You can spend whole day here!
First, do not get lost, second prepare to spend at least 3 hours here. If you don't like nature, this is not a place for u. It's like all nature in one. There's cave inside which is to be the only cave that has limestone and lava.
Great place to spend all day
There is a lot of activities and nice places. Bonsai garden is incredible, and out kid loved the bird park very much!
Great deal
This park was a five minute walk from the beach and the perfect way to pass the afternoon. It's huge! Such a great deal for the ticket price.
Huge and a beautiful park!!!
Hallim park is huge from the inside. You will need a lot of time to cover the entire park. We took almost 2 hours to cover it. But it contains beauty at its best. We went there in the month of May and there was so much greenery all over the place. It has so much to offer inside which includes flower garden, bonsai garden, bird garden, water garden, botanical garden, caves and so much more. You can get yourself clicked with the beautiful backgrounds everywhere. Its completely outdoor so do not forget to carry your shades and a hat or a cap on a sunny day. Also, do not forget to wear comfortable walking shoes as there is so much of a walking. They have marked the directions inside for every attraction so it was super easy for us to follow them and cover the entire park. All in all, a very good park and a must visit if you are going to jeju.Good luck!!! :) :)
Beautiful Park
Although we visited this park after the flower blossom but the park was still beautiful with many tree. I really like the tunnel, it was amazing when the sunshine went through the leave and we could see the sunshine clearly.
A lot to see
You can see wild grass and flower garden, caves, Jeju stones, folk village, bird garden, water garden and subtropical garden in the park.
A beautiful and unique botanical  garden  - about 45 minutes from the cruise port
We took a Crystal Lines cruise ship tour from the JeJu island port to Halim Park - about 45 minutes. At the park, I really liked the stone sculptures, the Bonsai gardens and the diversity of things to see (cultural village, diver statue beside waterfall and the small cave). The park was relaxing and there is a quite a story about the founding. Key fact:  the park was built on volcanic rock back in 1971. This provides perspective on just how great this park has become.Even more interesting were the statues of the JeJu female free divers.   For generations, many women of JeJu – called the Haenyeo women - free dive 60 feet or more into the freezing ocean to gather shellfish, octopus and abalone. The divers hold their breath for up to 10 minutes. Naturally, these ladies are respected for their stamina and courage. Over the years, these women have found other lucrative dive sites as far away as Vladivostok, Russia.  Alas, the tales of courage are dying out as only 5000 free divers remain active, two-thirds of those are over 60. Young women just want to have more fun, I guess.Overall, high marks.
Stopover after seeing the natural highs of Jeju, not before
Great for the caves. Do not miss them even if you've seen Manjanngul ( unless you have a real shortage of time, then choose M only for lava tubes, but the ones here are limestone meets lava.
Varied attractions all in one location
We were with a tour group so we did not see all the attractions, and our time was limited the ones we did experience were interesting, caves & botanical spirit gardens were worth the trip.  I really liked the stones - fascinating.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Must visit
Hallim park is quite big park and there are many things inside. Tickets 10,000won. Sightseeing times around 1 and half hours. On April has tulips festival in park. There's different flowers in each months. From bus terminal take bus no 702 (1 and half hours) for reach there. Hallim park fits with everyone.
Worth the stop
I was looking forward to this attraction more than any other on Jeju and it didn't disappoint.  I wouldn't rate as #1 (more "touristy" than expected) but worth the stop.  If you can move past the gift stores selling trinkets, cheezy signage, animals in tiny cages and crowds, the attractions within the park are quite beautiful.  I especially liked the lava caves and the bonsai garden.  Those two areas alone were worth the stop.  If you have time, just past the park entrance is a stunning beach area.  Great for photos and possibly a toe dipped into the waters.
A good picnic spot
This was covered under our west course jeju tour.This is a large park with good bonsy trees ,lava caves and plants and animals and a old jeju village huts to show jeju culture.We can enjoy photography.If localite a good picnic spot.food shops available.
Mix of everything
We enjoyed a family visit ( 3 generations ) on a glorious sunny day. This is definitely a place to visit on a dry dayThere are some beautiful gardens and in one area a very impressive display of bonsai trees.The grandchildren particularly enjoyed the area displaying snakes, lizards , tortoises and parrotsThere is also a very good section of caves to walk through
interesting tulip festival
we went on a rainy day & late (about 5pm) which they close at 7pm. many area closed due to our late entry but at least we got a 20% discount for the tickets. tulips are beautiful. the caves inside are nice too (good to get some shade from the rain). but pity I didn't manage to visit the cherry blossom garden because it was near to 7pm already which the cherry blossom garden is supposed to be the last stop.
Huge park. With many things to see.
The park is really big. Need at least 2 hrs to complete exploring. There's many things to see - from small animals, plants to caves. Great place to relax and enjoy the scenery.
Don't join a tour if visiting this place
This place is huge, with lots of plants, flowers, caves to see. Though it may not be extra especial since it felt so artificial, it is still a cool place to visit. Stroll and take lots of pictures with friends or family. Don't join the tour because they only allow 1-1.5 hours and you'll end up just walking and not really appreciating the things that you will see.
There are far better ways to depend your day.
Hallim Park isn't worth making a special journey to go and see. The gardens and varying different areas don't have anything especially interest to see. The animals kept along side the plants are kept in cramped dirty cages and look awful. The tulip garden was pretty, as was were the bonsai trees.
Excellent value for money
This is W10,000 per adult.  Lots of car parking.  There are different areas to see at this park including 3 long lava caves, an area with bonsai (my favouite), an area of flowers, a water area, a stone area, old JeJu houses and my least favourite...caged birds some in dubious conditions! I took lots of photos.  Plenty of places to get snacks and drinks but chicken a la flies is not my cup of tea!  A nice place to take a picnic.  There are lots of buses there but they all follow a route...if you go left you have a reasonable amount of quiet time from the hoards of yellow hat people and all the selfie photographer's.
Lovely day
I had a lovely day at Hallim Park. There's a lot to see and do and I spent quite a few hours there. I would recommend this for couple/families/friends wanting a lovely day out in Jeju. It's also right next to the beach!!
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Park filled with everything!
How this park began is very interesting and I would recommend this place to visit when in Jeju. You learn a lot about different plants, animals, Jeju's history and the volcanic activity in Jeju.
Relaxing, beautiful place
Lots of greenery and flowers to appreciate. Stones and sculptures were seen everywhere. A place to take it slow and just enjoy the surrounding. There were very pretty gingko trees, a sea of yellow leaves on the ground at the end of autumn..
One man dream and effort, a beautiful park to spend the day
Great park with wide variety of flora and fauna and sculptures. Good to spend the day with families and friends.
A great place to spend your afternoon in Jeju
We arrived in late autumn nearing winter so there were not many flowers on display. We still managed to see chrysanthemum in various colours!! We also managed to spot the peacocks and ostriches. There's a small enclosure for kids (and adults) to see the various birds they have there. We also visited the 2 caves within Hallim Park. There's also a big bonsai area in the park.The park is huge, so allocate about 2 hours to visit everything!
Tranquility
U can Find all sports of planets there. Greenery every where. Can see Flowers from rachael seasons. The water gardens is beautiful. The bonsai trees are outstanding
One of the best attractions in Jeju
Hallim Park is one of the best distractions on the island. It is not just another roadside attraction. It is a botanist dream gone wild. You will see everything in this huge park. All of it captures the beauty of nature. The park seems to go on for ever and you're teated to new wonders at every bend in the path. And if that's not enough it is located right across the street from the beach.Hallim Park is great for every age group. It is very convenient to Jeju City.Take a break and take a drive out to Hallim Park, you won't be disappointed.
Run Down Park
The park is a it run down and not well maintained. Although the park is big, but there is nothing really big and great. There was a signboard (even on the brochure) stating there is white peacock but we see none. Flowers are dying (perhaps it's because of winter starting soon?) Feel a bit disappointed. I would advice you to plan this in your itinerary if you really have a lot of time as it take quite sometime to go to this park and entrance fees is not cheap.
Lava canal tube
We went as part of the Yeha Tour to the west. Bit hurried but ok.Few things are not different from any other good park but the lava cave tunnel is special here.
Flora and fauna, birds, fold village, caves all in one visit
We spent a morning in the park. The 9 different themes covers all the specialty of Jeju, include traditional-styled houses as folk village, numerous sculptures, among others the famous Stone Grandfather. Bird Garden with peacock and ostricts, Hyeopjae & Ssangyong Caves. If we were here earlier, could have skip the other caves which basically the same.
Very Nice Garden
We stopped off here after lunch and easily spent 3 hours walking the grounds.  And that was at a fairly quick pace.  The garden has 8 separate sections that provide a contrast.  The garden is very well kept.  So if you are into shrubbery, its not a bad place to spend a few hours
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Tropical Garden
Hallim park is a good place for a day of relaxation and enjoyable experiences.The entrance fee is KRW10,000. You will be provided the map of the park.The park divided into 9 different themes. We didn't have chance to explore all of it.There is a beautiful cascading waterfall. If you are pressed for time, it is better to visit this place first.Hallim Park also have traditional-styled houses as folk village in Jeju.Within the park,there is also a plant nursery. Different species of flowers are found here.Throughout the park, there are numerous sculptures, among others the famous Stone Grandfather.Other than that, it have Bird Garden, Hyeopjae & Ssangyong Caves
One stop shop
All major attraction at one area... Although it's quite small.  The so called bird area, really cannot make it. Don't even bother The rest ok, glimpse of everything if time is a constraint
Nice place to visit.
I enjoyed walking through the park. It's was pretty. I didn't really like birds being caged though. Bonzai trees were fun and pretty cool. It's near one of the nicest beaches I ever been too.  It's an easy place to walk around with family.
Worth the entry fee
Be prepared to spend a lot of time here. And be prepared to walk.  Much to see. Fantastic bonzais that are over 100 years + older
Beautiful Scenery for Photoshoots
Went to Hallim Park on the end of September 2015, its a good thing we came at Autumn because the weather was not hot and not too cold either. The leaves were turning orange - just like in the movies. There are several flower parks in the Hallim park, such as flowers park; cactus park; bonsai park; stone cave; bird park; and folk village - where we can stop by for lunch. This place is suitable for families travelling with old ones, since the scenery is beautiful for photo-shoots.
Very Enjoyable
This park has 9 different areas to visit, including a cave region, a bonsai section and a traditional Korean village.  This will take some time to see all of this, but is well worth the visit.  It is on the west side of the island, and near some nice beaches.
Disappointed
It's more like a zoo combined with a synthetic garden. What attracted me were the cave's and they were disappointing as well, I've been to much nicer and impressive Caves, these are just hollow space under ground. Waste of time in my opinion, there are much better and natural sights in Jeju.
This is a very very beautiful park
If you have limited time in Jeju and like nature, visiting Hallim Park should be very high up on your list (if not your number one). Its beautiful and very varied. Palm trees, beautiful gardens, plants, flowers, birds, reptiles, 2 caves, a "traditional village" (where you can get a tasty traditional lunch) - its full of highlights and in 2-3 hours you can see so many different things. This is one of the most beautiful parks I have ever visited and I think everybody can find something they like there. If the weather is good, you can also combine the visit to Hallim Park with some time on a nice sandy beach just infront of the park.
Great Flora
The park has a beautiful array of flowers and other well kept vegetation. The animal displays are somewhat of an after thought, but are ok. This is a good place to spend time outdoors with friends, family, or in a tour group.
Nice beautiful park
Loved it! The park was extremely beautiful! Loved the bonsai and the caves the most. The only downfall was the animals. They seem a bit sad and clustered. Everything else was great. Make sure to bring bug repellent though.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
awesome
Holy cow, you should see the bonzai park in this amazing place. also the caves were amazing. one life saving advice though: bring your bug repellant othervise you'll return home with very nasty fly bites.
Totally worth a visit!
Flowers, nature, lava tube, animals...  You can find all these in Hallim Park. The entrance fee might be a little expensive at KRW 10,000, it's money well spent.I wasn't expecting much and thought it was just another park. Hallim Park proved me wrong. The more I explored, the more impressed I was with the exhibits. Plants from around the globe, all climates. We spent a good 4 hours exploring the Park. The lava tubes were impressive, the model thatched house and bonsai garden.A very relaxing place for a long stroll. I would recommend a visit.
Best Bonsai display on Jeju
Hallim Park is huge and has many sub-theme parks inside, including subtropical garden, wild grass and flower, two lava caves, bonsai and Jeju stone garden, a Jeju folk village, a bird garden, a stone exhibit hall and a water garden.  Plan to spend 2-3 hours.  For me, the best was the bonsai display, many 200-300+ years old.  Most in plant containers, some growing in natural ground, well maintained.  I've never seen a bigger or better bonsai display (maybe you have to go Japan?)  Caves are nice, but if you really want to see lava caves and explanations, don't miss Manjungul Cave -- World Heritage stuff!  Stone exhibit is good, but I prefer the Jeju Stone Park.  Other sub-theme parts rate a 3 on my scale.
a fabulous outing
Yeha bus tour with Joy as guide. brilliant, concise, excellent knowledge and good language communications. Recommend very highly
Great place
I really enjoyed visiting it. The park is a nice place to visit. One important thing: check the weather before going there. I liked the park and caves.
Quite the variety, highly recommend
I was not sure what to expect when we went to Hallim Park, but we really enjoyed it. It's a really nice walk, with flowers, statues waterfalls, caves and animals. It's nice to get away from the city noises if you have been on the mainland for a while. It's not a place you can spend an entire day, and for us was a bit of a trek to get there so make sure you plan your day to only be there a couple of hours.
Lots of things to see. Take your time.
Not cheap entrance fee however there are lots of things to see.Even if you don't have much time, do not miss out their caves especially in hot days as it's so nice and cool inside. :)tiny little things to see everywhere and exotic animals as well.
3 hours
In a few words, it is worthwhile visiting. You probably need 2-3 hours to get around the park. Check the weather before going, if its raining, simply don't go. You will be soaking in water.
Hallim Park
Beautiful location. Relatively easy to get to (just one change from Jeju City Bus Terminal). The park is beautiful and I'd really recommend taking your time and enjoying the scenery as much as possible. The park contains different areas (bonsai, water gardens, caves, animals, cactus) and it's so hard to believe that it's man-made. Loved the diversity here.
Hallim Park
It is actually quite nice the cave was very well developed; it has proper lighting and the pathway had been established. The statues were a bit unclear though but it were quite attractive. The folk village was good. The bird park was also nice with ostrich and peacock. I did not go to the rest of the attractions as 1 hour visit was not enough to cover all
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Full of flowers!
If you like plants and flowers, this is the place to go. However, it's all depends on the season. Different season, you see different flowers.
Beautiful parks
My husband and I visited this park during our honeymoon and it was really beautiful. It consists of 8 botanical gardens which features different kinds of plants, a cave which you can walk through, and even an area with different kinds of birds that you can feed and interact with.We got there through the Yeha Bus Tour but you can also get there with a taxi.For those of you who are looking to experience some of the beauty of nature and interact with it, I recommend this place.
Full of surprises
There were many themes in this park, and even though I had thought this wouldn't be very interesting initially, my family and I ended up really enjoying the place.In particular, my mum liked the hydrangeas display, my kids liked the birds display (peacocks, especially), my wife liked the bonsai garden and I liked the caves! In all, we spent almost 4 hours there!!! And we didn't complete the park, because we were too hungry and wanted to go the Jeju-si for dinner :)
Must visit all in one park
Hallim park has it all. It has nice gardens, lava caves, birds, bonsai garden etc. It is easy to reach by public transport and is a pleasure to visit.We really enjoyed this park.
Nice park if you like plants
It's a big park with a lot of plants from around the world with some small animals and 3 lava tunnels.Too expencive to me.
A relaxing garden but otherwise not too exciting.
I found the volcanic caves here interesting but apart from that it was just another botanic garden. We went when the rapeseed and cherry blossoms were in bloom which was very pretty and a good photo opportunity. However, the same flowers are everywhere in Jeju at that time of year and don't cost anything to take a photo.
Cherry blossom and Tulip festival
We went at the right season when cherry blossom just bloomed and there was a tulip festival in Hallim park. It's beautiful. There are also 2 caves in this park. This is probably the only park that is worth visiting cause it's one of the biggest.
A mixed of Botanical garden and cultural centre
I visit the place with the tour I bought in Jeju city. The place is higher than expectation. There are several parts of the park including the real underground lava tube which is amazing. The folk village also decorated really nice. When I visit the place, it is about 5 degree c so theres not many flowers in that time. Theres also a small zoo inside as well!
Lovely park with hidden treasures
We loved the park and spent about three hours. The cherry blossom and canola fields were the best as they were in full bloom. My little one loved the bird park and we even spotted a few peacocks roaming free in the park. The tulips were pretty but nothing extraordinary. We did not explore the caves and the hits.
Worth visiting during early April to early May for 10,000 won per adult
many themes in the park such as tulip garden, Canola, rapeseed, cherry blossom, more than 100 years old bonsai, folk village with traditional restaurant （fresh grilled mackerel）, well decorated water pond, peacock and bird park and many more. The folk village still maintain the culture of living that one should not miss. One need half a day in completing visiting the park.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Really a lovely park to visit
Weather was not perfect, but the park was still well worth the visit, the walk through the caves is really fun too. Give yourself at least 2 hours there, we budgeted for one and no where near long enough
beautiful!
the walk through these gardens is amazing.  From 300 year on Bonsai trees to the very cool acres of caves below.  very relaxing and plenty to see and learn about.
wonderful garden
relaxing, lots of plants and flowers.easily needs 3 to 4 hours to explore this park.take a bus there from main bus terminal.It stop right in front of the park.
I really loved this place
This place was great. It went around the end of spring and was blessed with lush greens and beautiful flowers. I was alone, but if you put on some music and take leisurely pace, it's very relaxing.It can be a little crowded, (I was there for children's day) but the paths were nice and wide so it never felt suffocating. The big area was the most impressive. I've never seen an ostrich up close.
Very beautiful park, clean and orderly.
This is a park for all seasons. It is beautiful any time of the year. We were there in autumn and although the colours were not significant yet, there were plenty of flowers to please any nature lover. The only set back is the cave. It can be quite wet inside and one has to be careful.
It is like a paradice
You can see there so well cared garden. There is also many different snakes, birds, turtles etc. The caves and botanic garden makes me happy too. Take time and relax. Eeva A
An All In 1 Park
A little disappointed with this park as I was expecting lots of blooming flowers. Unfortunately I came at the wrong season of the year (autumn) so very little flowers. However it's a lovely park with lots of attraction to go to. For those who like flora and fauna it's a must go.It's quite a long walk but don't worry about getting lost. It's a one way street with ample signage to guide you along. Not to forget, for those with small kids there's a stroller rental service at the entrance. In the park there's a folk village, a lava tube, bonsai garden, water lily pond, bird park and many others. So there's something for everyone.
I love this place!
So much fun!  I've been twice and would like to go back very soon.  In the spring, tulips everywhere!  So many different things to do and see here.  I fed the birds this time around and what joy.Note that some animals were not in the best shape (summer heat maybe).
Very nice for a rainy afternoon
If you love trees and plants, caves, etc then you will enjoy Hallim Park. Great signage. Also the traditional village with thatched roofs was a treat. Had Mung bean pancake and fried pork for a tasty lunch. Great way to learn about Jeju and also a host of trees and plants from around the world. The volcanic caves were very interesting. Mr Song, the park's creator, had a great idea. Reasonable price as well. Highly recommend it.
All in one
If you only have one day in Jeju, come to Hallim Park because they have everything in one place! Caves, butterfly garden, flower garden, birds area, mimic folk village and so on.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Nice Park
It was an okay park, easy and nice to walk around, the best part was the caves. Love exploring the caves!However, food choices are limited should one be hungry.
A volcano formed a wonderful Island named JEJU
The cause of forming a wonderful Island is a Volcano and hiking to the top of it is a wonderful experience. Roads up to the height of 1100 mtrs are made cautiously and traveler friendly for pleasure with least possibility of an accident. The hiking experience is also beyond the expression in words. I can only say that visiting JEJU and Hallim park are synonyms.
Excellent
We went there with both of our children (at the time, 4 and 2 years old). There was plenty for them both to see and neither of them got bored. My 4 year old particularly liked the lava tubes and both my wife and I found them very interesting too!
Beautiful and Impressive Park
The park is definitely worth a visit for people who appreciate the beauty of nature. there's so much too see that one should reserve at least half a day for that park. The caves are also very impessive. there are restrooms and benches all over the park and everything's very clean. the collection of bonsai are impressive as well as the village of traditional jeju-houses.
Enchanted forest look-a-like
Hallim Park, located western 33km away from Jeju City and west of Mt. Hallasan along the beach in Hallimeup, is one of the most popular tourist spots on Jeju Island. It faces the pleasant scenery of Biyangdo Island, Hyeopjae Beach and Geumneung Beach. The park was established on barren land in Hyeopjaeri, Hallimeup, and covered with tons of earth and began planting assorted subtropical plants in early 1971.
good to visit only when you're in the area
The entrance was a bit expensive but since we had the time we went for it, saw lots of colorful flowers and trees, they also had a souvenir shop and lots of benches around the park for resting.
Relaxing Walk
A wonderful peaceful place to see flora and fauna and caves. Hallim Park is like a summary of Jeju Island. I loved it!
A lot of things!
There are a cave, plum garden, rock garden, birds, and everything!
Botanically Awesome
If you garden or enjoy botanics this is a fabulous place. I just visited during Tulip season and the entrance was an alleyway of color. I imagine late in May and June when more plants are blooming Hallim is an even more stunning place. It contains a huge variety of plants, wishing I could grow some of these specimens in Colorado. They sprinkle in some reptiles and birds to keep the kids interested. The grounds include a couple of lava tunnels, which don't have a lot of spectacular cave features, but I still found them worth the walk through. They also have an amazing bonsai garden and a lovely water garden.I spent almost 2 hours exploring the flora on well marked walkways and paths in this lovely park.BTW, Hallim deserves an entrance fee for all the upkeep needed, not sure why they charge 2 dollars at a number of sea cliffs etc., that should be open to the public...
Not worth the entrance fee
With an entrance fee of 10,000 KRW (considered high for local attractions), my high expectations was quickly grounded with its shallow presentation of regional fauna. If you're from the tropics (like me), the Subtropical Botanic Garden (common palms, bananas, Bougainvillea etc) is a major yawn fest. There was a Wild Grass and Flower section which, in the absence of signage, could be easily mistaken by anyone to be a neglected zone in the Park. We skipped 2 other zones and zoomed in on the other highlights. The Caves were fine but nothing very impressive - tiny (imagine your pinke. Halve it) stalactites and stalagmites with their equally tiny rain parade could do no more to dampen your spirits than the Park already had. Saving grace come in the form of a cutest piglet that was a pet of the owner of Macaw House (warning: there is a separate entrance fee of 1000 KRW for this attraction) though I doubt it'll stay this cute for long. If you are visiting in Apr, then the Cherry Blossoms section would be opened but  the question is why you would pay 10,000 KRW for something that would be free all over the island.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Best deal on the island!
Hallim Park offers a quiet getaway from the big city noise.  For only 9.00 US you can spend 2-5 hours strolling through the different gardens,see the birds, and in April see the tulips and cherry tree blossoms.   A great place to bring kids as they can walk through the cool caves, and stone gardens.   Everything was well labeled in English and well laid out.   Heyopjae Beach is across the street where you can have a picnic or can buy food in the park.  The paths would be easy for strollers or wheelchairs.   After spending to much on waterfalls and cheesy museums, this was a special treat.   Go early in the day to avoid the tourist buses or school groups.
Good summary of what the island offers
Has a little bit of eveything that Jeju offers, lots of trees, flowers, stones, caves and a tiny folk village.
Botanical Gardens
Nice place to have a relaxing walk with lots of trees and plants. If you are there try to visit the herbal cafe with the ostrich and peacocks just beside it, it was very nice having a cup of tea there.
Pretty, Pretty, Pretty!
We loved walking through Halla Park. The paths are organized and cultured so beautifully. Every turn brings new surprises. There are bonsai trees galore, rock formations, fountains, and green spaces the lure you in. The caves are small, but fascinating. The birds here are delightful, from parakeets to peacocks and ostriches. We would definitely come back and have a picnic here in the springtime.
Big and beautiful park
The park has different areas including water garden, bird garden, bonsai garden, cave and folk village... Overall, the garden is very nice, huge but the entrance ticket is a bit bit bit pricey.
A little bit of everything about Jeju
Hallim Park has a mixed big of attractions --- from folk village, lava cave to bonsai and tropical gardens.  It is worth spending a couple of hours exploring.......many nice spots for taking pictures around the park........beware though, each of the attraction is not very spectacular or unique, but the park just gives a sense of the essentials in Jeju in one place
Beautiful nature
It's worth visiting. Beautiful nature. You need about two hours for this. There is also nice beach near the park.
Beautiful botanical garden
Beautiful, clean and very well maintained. It has great collection of plants, cactus etc. Beautiful cave and water garden too. Should allocate 3 hours time to enjoy this place.
Great stop on Jeju
It was a nice mix of gardens, animals, nature (caves).  Good for families.  Not great in anything but a good variety to keep everyone interested.
Pleasant afternoon
This park provides a pleasant, albeit uninspiring, afternoon. It's across from a pretty beach, has some nice landscaping, a sampling of lava tubes, and a some nice gardens. I wouldn't recommend driving all the way to the west side of the island just to visit Hallim, but if you're in the area, it's worth a few hours.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Beautiful park
There were so many beautiful flower like sakuram dafodil etc, something you can see without having to visit the original country. Everything were so beautiful!
A beautiful afternoon walk.
Take the afternoon and walk around this beautiful park and zoo. All different kind of plants, trees, flowers, and animals, this park is way better than it seems. Don't miss it!
Tropical Park
It's the first stop in our itinerary & we went to the Ssanyong cave where there are also lava tubes. It's not as big  as Manjang cave & it's better lighted. There's also a folk village in this park, a flower & bonsai garden & lots of lava stones formed into different figures. A bird sanctuary is also here.
Beautiful location and grounds- Well worth a visit in good weather
This place was really pretty (though remote) close to Hyeopjae beach on Jeju's west coast. Really pretty, reasonably priced and lots to see. Would recommend to couples and families especially.
Pleasant place in western Jeju
We visited Hallim Park with my daughter in August. It is very nice place with diversified trees, plants, birds. Convenient infrastructure allowed us to see so many wonderful natural things during three hours. Two old cave are in the park. It is interesting to pass them especially in hot day.
Too expensive
A nice place to go for a couple of hours if you like animals and botany but in my opinion it was too expensive at 9000 Won per person. I think a fair price would be 6000 Won per person especially as the food and drink inside the park was extremely expensive.
Excellent Bonsai Collection, Unique Caves Formations
I visited Hallim Park confined in a wheelchair. Some ways are not appropiate for a wheelchair. I love gardens and seen a lot. This garden had beautiful displays although some were needing care. The park takes several hours to see. It has different plants from many parts of the word. The Bonsai collection was excellent and one of the best I seen in a botanical garden. Again this particular area was needing help with the trees. They have so many bonsais and only two workers to trim them. And the specimens available were very old.The caves are unique because I do not know any other part in the world you can see a volcanical and calcareal cave together and they have one in here. I had to use crutches to see them and I am not dissapointed of the effort.The local village moved into the park is nice and realistic (we visited a folk village the day before). The animal collection was above average. For kids they have an area to feed love birds and parakeets. Excellent fun. My youngest daughter is 25 and she was a child again in here.
Large park encapsulating the entire Jeju into it
This park has it all - Plants, bonsai, trees, birds, ostriches, stone sculptures, lava caves, folk houses. However, it is really big so you might need to have more than 3 hours to finish the entire park.
Nice Green Park & Cave
lots of nice trees, bonsais, stones & cave. This Park was made by one man alone
Very interesting and affordable
Hallim Park features an extremely interesting cave complex quite unique as it has been dug by lava, a traditional Korean village, beautiful waterfalls, a bonsai garden and a section with creative sculptures. The price is very affordable and you can also visit the beautiful beach opposite the park while you're there. Worth a visit if you have spare time on your hands as it is quite far from the main attractions.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Huge place to visit
There are lots of things to see here, we spend 2 hours here. Beautiful trees, caves, stones, small waterfall. It is all about nature and traditional korea living.
Normal.
Garden full of flower aroma when flower blossom session. Overall not very attractive. A common/general attraction with combination theme. Good for family outing. You may buy Jeju chocolate with different flavor. Its really taste nice. If you worry about the quality, free tasting available.
Excellent park
So much to offer from beautiful botanic displays to a fabulous Bonsai area which was so peaceful and various specimens of fauna.... Plus several species of cacti. Caves to go down and lovely park area..... A lovely outing which was also very reasonably priced.
Nice sightseeing.
A beautiful garden for those who nature lover. Don't forget to bring camera or video cam.
Take it or leave it
I am not overly interested in much to with botany but if I were I think I would have enjoyed this park much more. (We were also there in late January so Im not sure how much the park differs in the warmer seasons)We had nothing planned for the day and happened upon Hallim Park when we were wondering around aimlessly so it filled its purpose to us as something to do/see for 1-2 hours time.The park displays plant (and some animal) species from Korea but mostly imported from other regions in a very touristy manner. It also provides easy access to some lava tubes/caves with a paved walkway through them that are somewhat interesting as well as some other themed areas.I wouldn't go out of your way to visit this park but if you in the area its an alright place to kill some time. (unless you a botanist then I'm sure you'd enjoy it much more)- there were some ostriches that were pecking out their/each others feathers which wasn't the most pleasant state to see them in but they were at least provided with decent space to roam9,000 won/pp in January 2012
