Temple Visit
Beautiful Temple, friendly monks and helpers, they even let us strike the bell, stunning. Very handy for Jungmun resort.
Unexpected, but we enjoyed it
It was not on our itinerary but our driver suggested to stop for a visit as we were passing by.It was a pleasant surprise since we had no expectations for this place. Beautiful temple with nice views of the sea. If we had time, we would attempt a hike from the temple as it is the beginning of an Olle trail.
Peaceful Experience
Yakcheonsa Temple is a famous Buddhist Templet located in Jeju island south of mainland Korea. The temple was built in 1981 by a Buddhist monk . It has three floors  It has a large Buddhist prayer hall. It is also famous for housing, 80,000 Buddhas all located on the second floor encased in glass.  It also has smaller statue of Buddha surrounded by lotus flowers under a pair of intricately carved, protective dragons. The view from the top floor is veryy beaytiful facing the sea
Beautiful Temple
One of the checklist in Jeju, It is free and beautiful spot to take picture. You should definitely visit
Large religious area with an enormous building
Nice gardens, impressive location, however, normally a lot of people, busloads full. So it is preferable there early in the morning or late in the afternoon.
A serene destination.
A beautiful Temple which is in a serene location. With virtually any tourist to be seen, I could enjoy the calm and peace the place had to offer. The temple itself is a huge structure and very well maintained.
Peaceful big temple, new but in traditional form
While visiting a friend who works in Jeju, my family drove around to visit places casually with a flexible schedule. We planned to visit the temple for half an hour but stayed more than an hour. The name of the temple means medical spring and the flowing water from a 3-dragon-head fountain next to the temple store tasted good and sweet. Although the temple was built for only around 20 years, the buildings and layout followed the traditional design. The main building faces exact south that can view the sea. The bell tower is located in the east for sunrise and the drum tower is located in the west for sunset. The main building's first floor wooden windows are beautifully carved with inspiring stories covered by traditional white paper but not glass. There is a traditional Korean painting exhibition of Buddha of Compassion in the basement and it's gorgeous. The best part of our visit was that not many people around. We got the chance to enjoy the quietness and even used the mats inside the temple at the back of the first floor to meditate a short while. There are grapefruit trees in the yards along the way to bathroom.
Peaceful and beautifuul
One of the larger temples we visited in Jeju. Beautiful well tended grounds and architecture. There is a bus stop right outside the temple which is handy!
Peaceful
When we went, no tourists where there. It was a magical experience, I definitely recommend it. You should sit on the stairs, outside the temple, listen to the buddhist praying, and enjoy the moment.
Beautiful Buddhist Temple in Jeju
A beautiful architecture Buddhist Temple. Surrounded by tangerines trees. Come and see for yourself. =)
The temple is nice
Temple is nice design and along our walk, we found many tangerines tree which I believe during the spring season, the temple view will be good. Since It's FOC do drop by if you have time. It's along the way to Teddy Bear Museum and Cheonjeyon Fall, Yeomiji Botanical Garden
New temple from the nineties
Onc e you are on the south coast you might as well stop at the highest temple of Jeju. Unfortunately all the new temples look artififial and are lacking atmosphere. Do not miss the building belkow with some 500 small Buddha statues and the the 2 Stone statues, called Dolharubang.
Love the calming surrounding
The road to this temple is a single carriage way and you drive carefully.  Parking is free. Before I reached the temple, I can hear the chanting and is was so soothing.  It just calm a city travellers. I didn't take any pictures inside the temple, only the surrounding. It would be great to have a audio or a translator/guide to explain more of this historical and majestic temple.  The sea view from the temple is stunning. Do check out the temple second floor.
Nice temple but nothing too much to see
Had this on our itinerary as the photos by prior visitors seemed impressive. In truth, there wasn’t a lot to see. We got there and after a quick wefie shot from the front of the temple, we went up through the three floors of the temple’s interior, which I find pleasant but nothing spectacular. We were done in 15-20mins.
Grand n Majestic Temple
A grand n majestic temple. Upon entering the temple vicinity, you can feel truly blessed n at ease.Even though the history of the temple aint long, the architecture of the temple n beautiful landscaping are truly marvellousThe airport limousine bus from airport/ jeju city stops in front of the temple on the way to Seogwipo.
A beautiful temple
This is an unusual three story Buddhist temple which is quite beautiful. It is a bit of a drive from Jeju City so we hired a private taxi tour and this was one of five stops in our day. It definitely is recommended.
Temple and Oranges
Our last destination for our first day in Jeju is this temple. Before arriving to the worship place, near the parking area you will find vendors selling various souvenir items. Upon entrance, we walk through the garden where we saw trees with oranges (mandarin in their place). It was last week of March when we visited this place we were lucky to see trees beautiful big oranges. Continuing the path we pass big rocks display with signage written in Korean which I don't understand. We then continue to walk farther and took the stairs until we reached the temple. Just like other places for workship you are not allowed to bring your shoes inside the place. Near the temple is a fountain, they say if you drink water in the fountain it will bring good health and good luck to the person.
Serene and peaceful
Serene and peaceful temple with intricate designs and architecture inside. The main prayer hall was also well-kept and clean. It provides visitors a very nice and calming retreat from the hustle and bustle of city life.
Worth a quick stop
We enjoyed our visit to this lovely temple. Don't miss climbing the upper floors and checking out the colorful lanterns.
Great Temple
I found about this temple while looking for things to do around the waterfalls. It's quite a drive from them and I'm not pretty sure if by bus it's possible to get there but since it was my first temple we drove there anyway. It's a nice big temple though some of its decorations seem to be amateur. Nevertheless, it was a nice experience. It's not very crowded so that's also a bonus. I don't recommend this temple for people who are disabled or have a hard time walking since there's a fare amount of stairs till you get to the temple.
Big temple but not that impressive
Temple is quite big. There is hardly anyone around when we visited. I am not Abigail temple fan. Here. Nothing much to offer in terms of architecture.
Stunning Architecture
We visited here during our cruise day trip of the island. This is a very scenic place with gorgeous architecture and the "spring of life". WARNING: Do not drink from that spring unless you want to risk some messy "internal issues". The walk involves some climbing but not too bad with no steps, just a gradual walk up an inclined path. They offer a gift shop and snack bar as you enter and exit.
Pretty and Photogenic
This temple wasn't very busy when we were here, and it was very pleasant to walk around for awhile. We probably spent a couple hours walking around the grounds and taking pictures inside. You can go up three floors inside the temple, the paper lanterns hang down from the ceiling fairly far and you can get some neat pictures with them if you go upstairs.
Quiet, peaceful energy
This temple and the grounds are very well maintained. Take off your shoes before you enter the temple. More than a tourist attraction, people still come to pray, meditate and present offerings. Be respectful and use indoor voices or be silent.Give yourself enough time to explore the entire area. There are walking paths around the temple where you can see for yourself the perfect Feng Shui.
Peaceful
Beautiful orange trees surrounding the temple and some lovely cherry blossom trees. A nice temple with a lot of lanterns hanging . It can be skipped if you are tight on schedule and have to visit several places in one day .
beautiful temple
Very beautiful and serene temple. there is also an option for temple stay here. it's tucked away from the hustle and bustle of city life so it will be a good retreat. There were prayers ongoing when we were there which was very relaxing to listen to. you can enter the temple through the side doors (not through the centre), make offerings of rice (you can get this at the counter inside) or donations. it may be a little difficult to get there by public transport. we hired a driver Mr Yang (+82 10-3639-7469) to help us get around - he was most helpful, quite humorous, and very easy to get along with, even taking photos for us and giving short descriptions of the sights at the attractions.
Nice stop along the olle 8 trail :)
The temple is located on olle 8 trail and there is a bus that takes you directly there from Seogwipo (bus 140).At the entrance, someone might aak you to give 10 000 won to buy a bag of rice but you dont need to pay ... You can make a small donation instead. They alow you to take photos inside this temple (which is rare in Korea).  Outside is a small souvenir store, where you can get cheap postcards and even a bowl of cooked ramen (not cup!) for 3000 won.
interesting
been to many temples and they are similar but this was worth a visit.  folk were friendly and welcoming.  little bit of walking and a few stairs
GOOD (without temple stay)
I'd like to do temple stay. but.. It was strange for me. No teacher or any guide, just slept in the temple.But the temple was big and interesting.Big Budda was nice (look like) & comfortable.The main building organized around 3floors and long painting within philosophical story.
Lunar New Year visit
It's a big and majestic temple with beautiful architecture. Worth visiting. Don't forget to go up to the 2nd level where you can see directly the Buddha statues.
The Best Temple in Jeju
In the front there is a bus stop. Along the road to the temple is full of orange tree. Big temple with beautiful decoration. Just feel silent and peaceful here. You can just go inside free of charge. I think this is the best temple in Jeju!
Great Buddhist temple
Big temple, the most beautiful at sunset when monks prepare for their ceremony, ring bell and gong and the sun touches the temple by golden hand, monks are very friendly
Buddhist holy land
The temple is super huge and well decorated. There are three layers, the first layer is for the believers to worship the Buddha. Second floor is a place where you can talk to the Buddhist monks about your difficulties you faced in your life and have their spiritual purification. Of course, some ‘goodwill’ you have to forgive to this temple, I saw one of the believer distribute a considerable fortune to that temple, that believer must treats Buddha sincerely. In the entrance of the temple, there was rice selling, which is the accumulation of capital for the construction use. My mum bought one small pack of rice which costs 10K to support the running of the temple. There is also a water well besides the temple, which brings lucky to the people who drink, you shouldn’t miss that opportunity.Even though you are not a Buddha believer like me, you are strongly recommended to go to that temple to have a look of the huge architecture and take pictures with the nice atmosphere.
A peaceful place to visit
It's one of Asia largest temple & you can really see how Buddhism in Korea is so widely spread. Whether you are a Buddhist or not, you'll feel very peaceful when you visit this temple.
Beautiful Yakchunsa
Visited this beautiful temple while walking Olle Trail 8. Its pretty impressive with a nice location overlooking the south coast of Jeju. Easy to reach using airport limo 600. Busy place with many tourists so go early to avoid crowd to have a peaceful time to enjoy the temple. Souvenir stalls at the temple entrance.
Impressive temple
This is apparently one of the only temples in the world to face the sea. The compound is massive! You are allowed to walk around and go up until the second tier of the main hall. Very nice painting details and sculpturing. When we visited, monks were chanting and people were praying. Very atmospheric.In one of the side halls there are little statues of monks. Our guidebook suggested to look for statue 145. We were not disappointed, very creative.
Wow!
The temple has a bus stop just in front of it, (300 meters by foot) and it's quite spectacular.The main hall is beautiful, and you can visit the upper floor too.Not to miss especially the 500 Buddhas shrine (where 500 different statues of Buddha are collected).
Large temple with good view and exotic mood
C1 ( 2016.07.14 ) This temple located beside sea, so there had good seaview. The temple was larger than I think, and had exotic and unique mood. The main building was magnificent and there was big statue of Buddha. Especailly, the Five Hundred Disciples of Buddha was impressive. Except too many people, there was very good place.
One of the most beautiful temple
I think it's just beautiful, should be one of the most beautiful one in Korea and I can't find a word to describe it, see it to believe yourself. I also have chance to take lunch there, we had the noodle and it is very yummy as well, can't believe a vegetarian noodle soup can taste so good. You can also go inside and pray, note that you should enter and exit from 2 sides door, not the middle one, please be respectful.
Just great!
Peaceful place, excellecent buildings. Photos cannot capture the real color of the tiles and ceilings decorations. You could go up to the 1st and 2nd floor of the template.
Beautiful Temple which you can go inside
We got the bus to this amazing temple which we found quite easily.  It was one of the most beautiful temples we visited in Korea, and one of the few which you are actually allowed to go inside free of charge. There are many parts to this temple which is comprised of several buildings, all really interesting, and it is set in pretty gardens.  Well worth a visit.
Way beyond my expectations
Wow... just wow. I certainly didn't expect that. Yakchunsa isn't considered one of the must-go in Jeju, so I didn't expect all that much, especially given that you have to take a small road to go there. But once I arrived, I was in awe. The complex is big, colorful, and the main pagoda-like multi-floor temple is massive and beautiful. What's even better is that the inside is at least as good as the outside view. There are three floors, each with its own atmosphere and ornaments (murals, candlelights, wooden structures...). Take some time to go outside towards the sea to get the full perspective of the temple complex.
Very impressive
After so many temples in Asia, I didn't expect to be overwhelmed, but this temple is incredible. You approach from below. The structure is gorgeous. As it was close to Budda's birthday, the temple was draped with thousands of colored lanterns inside and out. The temple features several large Budda statues. Upstairs there are thousands of small ones encased inside giant lanterns. This was an amazing place to visit and photograph.
Lovely temple
Also known as Yakcheonsa Temple. Not one to really enjoy visiting temples but this experience was different.  Perhaps it was because we visited in the evening just before dusk when most devotees and tourists had left.  It was so serene and tranquil.  No crowds or noise.  Added with its location just by the sea and a monk was hitting the gong when we first arrived, all put made for a lovely visit. It was just two days after Buddha's birthday celebration so there were lanterns and flags hung outside to mark the occasion. Inside the temple sit three golden Buddhas, the largest in the centre flanked by two smaller ones. We didn't intrude besude there were a few monks and devotees praying when we visited.
Breathtaking & Welcoming
I've been to various Buddhist temples throughout South Korea and this by far has been the most breathtaking.  The monks were extremely welcoming and even pointed parts of the temple that I should go. The second floor of the main temple is best for pictures and found myself in that one spot for nearly 45 minutes.  Remember this is a holy place and be respectful, especially for its monks who are so inviting.The best time to go is after 6:30 pm. The crowds are nearly gone and you'll be able to witness the ringing of the bells and 7 pm prayer by the monks.  The temple is lit and makes it more majestic than the day.Finally, the giant golden Buddha statues were a sight to see. If you are in the Seogwipo area of Jeju- this is a must see!
Very very peaceful!!
This place is very beautiful, and peaceful. I have no other words but to say that its a must go.The walls are painted very beautifully. You can spend few minutes in calm and pray.
Serenity
It's one of the stops between Seogwipo and Jungmun on the Airport Limousine route (bus no. 600). Or if you are on the Jeju Olle Trail no.8, you would pass by this temple. They don't charge entrance fee and it is less crowded compared to other tourist sites in Jeju. Take a stroll around the temple and take your time to soak in the serenity. If you are up for a temple stay program, they do provide such service.
Beautiful, classy temple
Despite seeing many temples in China, I have to say visiting this one may be my favourite. There are occasional Chinese tour groups coming (in this time of the year), bu they mostly take photos from the park in front or get stuck next to souvenir/food stalls, which are not in or just next to temple. Beautiful, peaceful, relaxing music, not too many tourists, perfect for a short stop. Grab some food and sit next to the cave behind the temple.
Large Temple
The temple is very impressive and is worth stopping at for an hour if you're passing the general area - that said, I wouldn't recommend going out of your way to visit.No charge for entrance, but a donation box on entry/exit.
Massive temple with nice surrounding area
Less crowded than many other attractions somehow. A beautiful temple, and big! Small cave behind temple worth checking out. Don't forget to drink of the water, legend has it you will live a longer life!
Nice Temple
Nice, quiet temple compound with a sea view. Place is rather big and is nice for a walk. One tends to feel peaceful there.We went there around late afternoon. Perhaps that’s the reason why there are not much people around. Just nice for us to explore the temple and do some photo taking.Worth a visit.
Largest Buddhist Temple in Jeju
The temple itself is breathtaking. It is one of the largest temple I had visited. The architecture and scuplture of the temple is unique and beautiful. Climbed up to the third floor, the view from the window toward the sea is just magnificant. Spend some time to admire the marvelous architecture especially during the evening.
intersting buddhist temple
Breathtaking scenery. The temple is facing the sea. To my opinion, the architecture is a mixture of Chinese, Korean and Indian buddhism. The temple is not very big but the surrounding area is quite serene and enjoyable. If you are visiting Jungmun-Daepo jusangjeoli Cliff, then it is must go place using the 600 airport limosine route.
Beautiful large temple
If you are interested in temples or just beautiful architecture this is the place for some great photos and easy to access...
More than a place of worship
We were initially hesitant to visit the temple as we are not Buddhist.  But when we arrived we were taken in awe by the size of the place and its surrounding.  The garden and pond surrounding the temple would have one mistaken it for a park.  It was really lovely and well set up.  The temple buildings and grounds were also well laid up and pleasant to visit.  Definitely worth a visit.
It is a must-see
It is the largest Buddhist  temple building in Korea.  It was completely free to visit and it was breath taking looking throughout the inside.
Joseon architectural style Buddhist temple
The temple is extremely new as it was built only in 1990s. The outlook was grand and the temple architectural style was reminiscent of the early Korean Joseon Dynasty.  Buddhism in Jeju is unique with its own characteristics and distinctive feature. Unlike the main stream counterpart in mainland Korea, Jeju's Buddhism accepts, combines and adapt to the local characteristics to form an integrated form of its own. The native folks were staunch followers of Shamanistic beliefs, pray to stone deities and attend to superstitious rituals but Buddhism in Jeju embodied the local belief in her Buddhist temples. Behind the Shamanistic gods idols stood the compassionate and tolerant statue of Buddha. Jeju is famous for her natural environment and Jeju's Buddhism takes a natural path towards enlightenment. In fact, the repressive Joeson Dynasty suppressed Buddhism but this Buddhist temple incorporated the beauty of the Joseon temple architectural style with Buddhism worship. The compassionate hands of the Buddha practiced acceptance and non-hatred, non violence in pursuit of the emancipation of the human soul. I observed that the Buddha statues in the prayer hall were magnificently golden and the grand prayer hall with a height of 28 m was reputed to be the largest in Asia. The ambience here was tranquil and serene. It was a place most suitable for meditation and prayer. I walked around the temple and felt the calmness and peacefulness in the air. From a distance, I could hear the dim chanting of the Buddhist prayer. Historically, this lovely island of Jeju had suffered tremendously under the repressive hands of the Mongol Empire and also during the Japanese tyrannical rule. But the island survived with the most scenic and gorgeous natural wonders of the world and may this temple bring continual peace to this natural place!.
Peaceful place and beautiful setting
I very much enjoyed Yakchunsa Temple. Its a new temple, so dont expect old historical buildings, but the atmosphere is very nice and  peaceful. And the setting is beautiful, with palm trees, a small pond, a stream etc. My highlight was the small cave at the back of the temple. I was there alone, and it was just magical.
Impressive, picturesque, but very new.
I was initially quite reluctant to visit this temple because I highly suspect that its main purpose in being built is to attract tourists. (It was constructed in the 1990s after and very near the development of an enormous resort complex called Jungmun Resort.)After finally giving in, I have visited the temple twice and will probably return (I live nearby). It is a very impressive building and the Buddha statues inside are quite beautiful.The temple also offers temple stays and educational programs.
Excellent Buddhist Temple
This is a relatively new Buddhist temple, build in the 1990's.  Setting is wonderful in a set-back in an Oreum (a subsidiary volcano "mountain").  Gardens in front are very nice.  If you like to see Buddhist temples, this is probably the biggest and nicest one on Jeju; I recommend visiting.  It's free, just walk around.  Allow about 1 hour.
Take a look
Nice temple, much like the regular buddhist temple.. I like the peace and quietness in these temples more than anything else.
Very Large temple in nice surroundings
Bus 600 takes you right there.  Very big temple.  No problem taking photos, can walk around the property
Gorgeous Buddhist Temple
I have visited half a dozen Buddhist temples in Korea and so far this is my favorite! This temple is simply gorgeous. We arrived just as the monks started ring the outside bell. We were greeted with open arms and encouraged to come inside the main temple building and to go upstairs to see it all. I have always been hesitant to venture into the temples to take pictures because I do not want to offend anyone but we were invited in to explore, it was fantastic. so ornate. The three gold Buddhist statues were very large and beautiful. The monks where in the middle of chanting, it was a mesmerizing experience, so peaceful and relaxing. The grounds of the temple were just as lovely.
great for photography buffs
Picturesque Buddhist temple overlooking the sea. Best time to visit is in the early evening, where you can catch the sunset. The temple is transformed after twilight as the lights come on.
Another Temple
I fee bad giving it 2 stars, but few places like this in Asia explain things clearly enough to us Americans. It feels kinda new in places, hard to understand and it would have been better to demonstrate or offer a live walk through visit, explaining how and what and why you do things at each stage.
Dreamy Place
We got here just before closing time and so it was very quiet.  It had a peaceful calm atmosphere despite being a large temple.  Just the place to wonder around the gardens at the end of the day.
Peace of Mind!
Absolutely beautiful for those who like Monasteries or temple this is a must. And those who are not temple fan, still a must - so impressive that you can't be in the area and not visit.Loved the statues with dragon its little bit different what in my leh(india) visit. Colorful Lanterns. Brilliant work. Must Do!
Good size temple
Nothing spectacular, but a decent temple to visit.  Lots of colorful lanterns and one will worship by offering rice.  Not a heritage, but a modern structure.
Amazing Buddhist temples~!
Amazing Buddhist temples. it's different type of hand signs.in ninja hand seal it's means Rat/Ne.A-must-see temple in jeju.
Beautiful Buddhist Temple
there are 2 buildings to visit;1) the main building where you can see 3 big Buddha statues.    on the second floor, there are thousands of small Buddha statues.2) the side building where there are 100 "lohan" statues are placed. Each lohan is different.Very peaceful and serene place to visit, No admission fees.You can also donate/offer 3 packs of rice/grain as you pray to the Buddha which is available at the main hall for 10,000 won
Nice serene temple
There is a large Buddha inside the temple and on the first floor, a display of 8000 little Buddha statues. Good for a short visit but otherwise, it's just like any other Buddhist temple.
Much more impressive than expected
Coming from a country where temples are famous for their stunning decoration, I did not expect much from temples in East Asian countries. But Yakchunsa Temple was beyond my expectations. The temple is stunningly decorated. The Buddha statues are absolutely beautiful. I recommend you walk up to the second floor where you will see countless mini gold Buddha in different poses on the wall to your left and you can enjoy the view of the main hall and the main Buddha from high up. There is a small building to the left of the main hall with 500 "heroes". I think they are important monks or something. At least that's what it says in Chinese characters. All 500 of them have different facial expressions and poses. Some are very comical. Do take a quick look inside. And don't forget to drink the water from the water fountain before you leave the temple. The water there is refreshingly sweet.
Impressive building
A large and beautiful temple. Other than the temple itself, there is not much to see. Drop by if you are passing through here, the visit should take you no more than 30 minutes.
Beautiful
Very large temple with beautiful surroundings. Other than that it was a bit boring compared to other temples I've been to in Korea. If you're in the area it's worth the stop, but I wouldn't go out of my way to see it.
Inspiring in its beauty
One of the largest Buddhist temples in Asia (if not THE largest), Yakchunsa is stunning in its proportion and use of color.  Admittedly, the term "breath-taking" is not original, but it is entirely apropos for this beautiful compound, the exterior of which is oddly reminiscent of Mission Style design.
Very nice
A must see .Buddhist temple. Very beautifully decorated. Too many places to see in jeju,but selection is important
Big. Busy. Interesting.
Very large temple filled with visitors/tourists/locals. Fascinatiung to wander around. Nice quiet setting.
Beautiful place
This is really nice place!Also, I would reccomend to go there in the evening, when it's dark outside.Even though working monks told us, that we are here at bad time (it was getting dark), I think completely otherwise.Because when it gets dark, they have really beautiful lights on, so temple looks magical!
Temple
Just a normal temple to me, which tour guide told us there is around 10k of budda statue in the temple itself. A place for Buddhist to visit and pray.
Marvellous temple
We were spoiled as it was Buddha's birthday and the Lotus Lantern Festival - the temple looked marvellous with all the lanterns hanging there and it's a beautiful site overlooking the water.  All very peaceful and idyllic.
huge and beautiful temple
very nice paintings on the walls inside the temple. peaceful and quiet at the compound. there are 3 levels to the temple and you can actually walk up to look around all 3 of the levels. it also has a nice garden behind. you can drink from the water at the 2 "tanks" which is located one on each side of the temple.
Peaceful and beautiful!
One of the most beautiful Buddhist temples I have visited. Easy to navigate the area and so clean and well kept.
Celebrating Budda's Birthday
It was great to visit the temple while it was decorated with thousands of colorful lanterns to commerate the birthday of Budda.  I don't know if the review would be as good if it was during the year.  A lovely temple that was made awesome because to the lanterns.
Very nicely preserved temple
This temple is a jewel of jeju island. Very nicely preserved with very good painting at the roof and also the wall on the second and third floor of the main temple.
Still in Use
Great temple to visit if you're interested in contemporary buddhism. I've been to temples all over Asia and this was the first one i stumbled across still in use by modern day buddhists. It was truly marvelous to see how they worship and use their worship space.
Its huge!
It was at the end of a residential alley, and its huge!. When i saw it, i never thought how big it was until we parked and look at it from the front. The temple is huge! Since they were preparing for the spring festival there were colorful paper lanterns all over. The golden buddas were amazing too! I really recomend stoping by at this temple. It is worth it.
The Best Places are Free
I didn't come to pray but to take pictures -- and this place did not disappoint. The carvings, statues and paintings inside the massive temple were really beautiful. There was a dignity about the place; it was peaceful and solemn. We spent more time here than we planned (about 30 minutes) since we made our way down from the temple to the fields covered in canola flowers. There were paths to run in it! There were cherry blossoms and tangerines. It was a beautiful place, and I would come back if I have the chance.
Large and Well-Kept Temple
This is a large and well-kept temple by the water.There are 4 floors to visit and many murals and small statues to see. The large, golden buddhas are impressive. You can take a mat and pray on the main floor or meditate in a second floor room.I spent a total of around 45 minutes at this site.
Gorgeous views, worth a visit!
The Yakchunsa temple is very pretty, and the sea view from the temple itself is gorgeous too. My family enjoyed walking around this temple very much.
super cute
it is super cute and i loved the teddies... also the LV one!!... my son loved all the displays.. and so did I.. it was a unique experience :)
peaceful religious land
Yakchunsa temple was built in late 14th or early 15th century, and is located between Jungmun Tourism Complex and World Cup Stadium. The temple is on the coastal road, so people can overlook the sea from the temple in clear days. The 600 Airport Limousine Bus might be the only public transportation here. The architecture style of Yakchunsa temple was probably influenced by Chinese Buddhism. The similarity can be noted from the styles of Buddha statue and the sculptures in the temple, as well as how the main structure, bell tower, and drum tower have been arranged. The golden Buddha statue is probably 3 or 4 stories high, and looks magnificent. There are also relief sculptures next to the Buddha statue. In addition to the main hall of the temple, there is a smaller hall of 500 arahans 100 meters away. This small arahan hal is also worth to visit. Faces and poses of the 500 arahans are different and full of meaning. Perhaps you can realize some philosophy of life from these arahans.
Temple with seaview
We passed by just to get to Jeongbang waterfall. Nothing special, but it is free entry. So, no harm taking a walk and snapping some photos overlooking the sea.
beautiful temple
it's nice...large buddha statues.... the buddhism in korea is pretty different compared to in china...
Very inspiring
We went to the temple on the first day of our trip, but we missed the vesak day celebration the day before.. The temple was decorated with lots of lanterns, different colours..There are three buddha statues in the temple. Very inspiring!
Beautiful temple and easily accessible
easy to get to by public transportation, and it is a beautiful, large temple.  When you are on the top you have a view of the sea.   Well maintained, but be respectful of people praying.  have to take off shoes to enter..
inspirational
Take your time to explore the surroundings you feel the inspiration more and BTW the shop over there is reasonably priced
Stunning  Buddist Temple with multiple floors to visit....
Sitting prominently on a hillside, there is no missing this huge Temple and it is one of the largest in the East.There is a bit of steep walk from the carpark to the Temple complex and we rewarded ourselves with a drink from the spring well on one side of the grounds.Consisting of a main hall with a Deities, sculptured side walls of Buddha, a large bell, a separate Pagoda, Monks quarters and three or four floors upstairs that can be accessed by visitors. These floors have many donations of precious metal statues and from up here there are excellent views of the main hall.It is prudent not to use the main entry into the big hall, as there are clear warnings in many languages not to so out of respect. Also shoes must be taken off before using the side entries on either side of the main doors. A group of hapless visitors ignored these signs and were promptly told off and hustled out to use the side doors.Money donations are accepted either for the upkeep of the Temple or for incense and candles.While we were there we had three or four Monks chanting and offering up to Buddha and it was very serene to hear it from upstairs while overlooking the main hall.The grounds are well maintained with a couple of restrooms around the complex, a cafeteria and Temple stays are available too.Enjoy your visit!
One of Asia's largest Buddhist temples
Yakcheonsa Temple is thought to be Asia’s largest Buddhist temple. The main temple has one storey below ground and five stories above, with a floor area of  more than 175 sq m and a ceiling height of 29 metres. The Main Hall has 18,000 Buddha statues, and receives many worshippers for its medicinal waters. Monks were praying and chanting when we were there - I liked it very much.
