jungman beach
The beach itself is beautiful and spacious with different activites to do along the beach, only thing is you have to take 10000 stairs to reach the beach itself.
Perfect for surfers, yep!
This beach is recommended by all as a "best beach on Jeju".I'm disagree, mostly absolutely.The Jungmun is perfect and ideal and best beach on Jeju for surfers only! And there are pretty overcrowded by them even in September. Waves are good there for beginners and middle surfers (at the moment I've been there).For swimming and relaxing is better to choose other beaches, for example Hyeopjae Beach and few other.
Surfers' Paradise
Jeju has many beautiful beaches and Jungmun is definitely one of them! Great place to see huge waves and surfers in action. You can go up to the cliff top for that aerial view of the beach.
An amazing beach!
We stayed at Benikea Jungmun Hotelon not very far walking distance from this beach. In the early morning or late afternoon are especially the best time to enjoy the beach, not very crowded during these times of the day. There's a special section for swimmers, however it's not too small. There is a changing a showering  conveniently close, it is just beside the beach so that made it easy to prepare, and have a shower after the swim. An amazing beach!!
Great surf beach, swimming part a bit crowded
We stayed in a resort on walking distance from this beach. Especially early in the morning the waves are good. Quite a bunch of surf school offer lessons and boards for hire. There's a special section for swimmers, however this is much too small.
Nice beach, clean water
Everything ok here, except swimming is confined to a narrow area to the side, where are the swimmers are squeezed into a small area.
Great little Beach
Small, but great little beach.  We didn't get much time here as we were on a tight schedule for our business trip, but we had enough time for a half hour swim.  There were many surfers and the water was perfect.  There were many people at the beach but it was not crowded.  The beach slopes very gently into the ocean, so even 20, 30 feet out you're barely to your shoulders.  Nice low waves, so a great place to just chill and have a leisurely swim.  There was a changing/showering place conveniently just beside the beach so that made it easy to change and be ready to go again.  Lovely little spot.
A maze of black rock formations
My return to Jungmun, after almost seventeen years, revealed that not much had changed.  This is not surprising, as the main draw of the place is its steep and jagged volcanic rock formations.  The Hyatt Regency and other resort amenities were there in the 1980's, when we lived on Jeju.  The concessions at beachside are still the charming "Mom and Pop" establishments, serving ice cream and Korean pastries, plus Yogurt beverages.
One perfect time for day on the beach and surfers!
Favourite surf spot in KoreaFriendly people and nice vibes on the beachBeautiful sunset and chill all day long, also the cliffs are fabulous SURFERS are great !
Pretty but not a good swim spot
I would not go out of my way to try to swim here. But it is pretty and interesting next to the cliff.  Water, bathrooms, and other services not available when we were there but it was off season so maybe there's something there during the summer. The stairs up the cliff will kick your butt.
Jeju is my new love
Before flying to Jeju-do (island) many of my friends suggested me to do a one day jeju tour that completes the island in one day. But I'm the type of person to enjoy my vacation slowly. Although, the island is not that big, I wanted to enjoy every bit and detail of the island. I choose to focus on one area at a time. Three months before my trip I researched top 5 beaches in Jeju. After researching, I decided my hotel and location place where to spend my vacation. I choose Seogwipo, end of Jeju.  The hotel I stayed in was Grand Mer Hotel. I stayed 3 nights there, it was a new hotel and the best part was it was across the ocean. You can wake up to the view of the Jungmun beach. Which was listed top beach in Jeju. It's a little far out so you'll need to rent a car. Shopping and museums and hiking was 10 mins drive away. But the view was spectacular and my morning walk was so refreshing. If your ever in Seogwipo you have to try Hawaiian Shrimp restaurant which was 15 mins away from my hotel
Visit before the amazing rock formations vanish.
Witness one of nature's wonders before they disappear. Molten lava appear like series of columns bordering cliffs on the shoreline. Some of the columns may have already been flattened or damaged by the sea waves over the years.  The tour of tge place will take only a few minutes to finish but I think it's worth it.
Big sandy waves, not nice for a swimm
Not the best place to swimm, sandy waves, lifeguards which says go back after you entered 3meters in the sea. Choose more wild beaches. This is only okay for surfing
Terrible
I've never experienced such a crowded beach, with such a small swimming area. I couldn't even get into the water... the lifeguards designated such a small section for swimmers, it was like being at the most crowded, uncomfortable public pool. The tables and chairs were extremely close together, I really hated it here. There was a ton of water space to surf, however, so if that's your thing I suppose this beach is for you! Nonetheless, this was the least relaxing beach I have ever experienced
OK beach, but wouldn't recommend to spend the whole day
Maybe we expected too much of the beach, but it we didn't enjoyed this beach too well. We hoped for a large beach where you can swim and relax and maybe some small shops/cafe´s around to buy some drinks/food. We spent 2,5 hours, and it was enough since it didn't reach our expectations. We stayed at Seogwipo and took the taxi to Jungmun for around 13,000 won one-way. The beach is nice/OK, but its crowded (July 2018) and the beach is too small. You can't swim because of the waves and only a small area where you can stay. The rest of the beach is for surfing. You can rent two sun beds and one parasol for 40,000 Won (only cash) and other services on the beach (that we did not use). The good thing that it is a GS25-store (or 7/11 store, don't quite remember) so you can buy drinks and small food. Near the beach there is a small "restaurant", but we didn't it looks so nice to eat there. There's also a restroom available and a parking lot. If you want to relax on the beach, I would not recommend this beach. You might skip this beach and try to find another one. If you are in this area/Jungmun, maybe its more preferable to stay at a resort.For families with kids; I think this beach would suit very well.
Pretty but crowded
Pretty beach, great waves, fun to watch surfers---- but holy too many people Batman! It may have just been the time of year, but if it's like that all the time I'd pass on going back.
Lovely Beach
You can take bus 6000 from Seogwipo to this beach in the Jungmun tourist area. Feared that it would be overrun by tourists but that was not the case. The beach is big and very scenic. Be prepared that there are no umbrellas nor sun loungers and it is not possible to rent. This is THE surfing spot in Jeju and you will see a great number of surfers breaking the waves. Really cool.
Just a beach
It's a very small beach, it wasn't very crowded (i went at the end of the season though) and it is definitely not a must-see. It is nice enough tho if you want to swim or get tanned, but if you have many things on your itinerary you might want to skip this one.
Beautiful for sunset watch
Not very big but nevertheless great for sunset watching. We went in fall but it was still warm enough. There is a place where the Hyenyo, ladies who dive in water and bring you fresh seafoods, cook on the spot seafoods and you can watch the sunset from there.
Nice view during sunset
We took a shot from atop during sunset and it was stunning. Not sure of the actual beach itself though.
Very nice beach in Jeju
This beach was close to our hotel on Jeju Island, the Lotte Hotel.   The beach is a decent hike down from the hotel; however, the trip was worth the destination, as the beach is very beautiful and well preserved and maintained.  Would definitely recommend visiting this beach if you're staying in the Jungmun area.
Walked and walked to the beach
So didn't really plan where I wanna go but just walked. And I walked to this beach. There are signs to say no swimming after August but people were still swimming. The waters look nice and felt nice and 2 meters out and it's at chest level so watch out there.There's also surf school to teach surfers wannabes.Now the trip up though..... 300+ steps up to reach Lotte World and Shilla
Great fun
Great beach no matter what the waves, from large to great low trickling ones for the little kids. Only trouble is the police with there whistles who seem terrified of people having fun. Remember to take a ring and float the day on the surf
Not with young kids
The beach is small but nice and wasn't crowded when we went. You have to go a bit further when you have a tent to give shadow to your cubs, which is understandable.The owner of the place gave us an inflatable wheel because of this misunderstanding. Thank you.Beware of the strong currents. In an average dinner but would never try to right it.
Very pretty
Beautiful water, beautiful sand, beautiful place. Shower closest to the beach was pretty disgusting though.
Great Beach for Teenagers
Other beaches such as Geumneng or Hyupjae are shallow and no waves, so it is good for family with little kids. Otherwise, Jungmun Saekdal beach is deep and has quite waves. If you are not a good swimmer, you should have a tube or life jacket here. My kids are all teenagers and all good swimmers. They complained about other beaches: they are for toddlers, not for them,but they had really good time in Jungmun Saekdal beach. Water are super clear and cool for good swim during hot summer days.
Excellent beach but needs more facilities
Jungmun is a sand beach and it is perfect to visit. The water is so warm and there are waves which are fun to swim in. A minus for the changing rooms where they charge a fee, for what? It's not a fresh area to change in, I would rather change on the beach or the bathrooms. The bathrooms were also not so fresh. If they could improve these things it could be better for everyone.
Very pretty but a bit crowded
One of the bigger and more popular beached around the island - hence the amount of people. The waves were quite big at this part of the island, so there were also some windsurfers around.
Worth the effort, depending on when you go!
We hiked down to Jungmun Beach from the Lotto Resort and had a  great time.  The schlep was a little strenuous for a 70 year old, especially on the way up.  We went pretty early in the morning on a grey and rainy day at the end of June.  There we no crowds but the water was rough and dangerous for swimming.  This made the whole scene romantic and enjoyable.  The trip was worth the effort, but how worth it for you will depend on the weather and the crowds. We walked the beach as part of Olle Trail #8.  We got lost a couple of times.
Surf's up!
I am 6 years old. And I like to swim. It was very cold and cool. The water was kind of yucky. Plastic and rubbish. It looked like it was good for sand castles but daddy forgot to bring the bucket and spade for sand castles. Some waves were big and at first I was scared but then I learned to jump the waves. The surfers were clumsy because whenever there's big waves the surfers fall off. There were a lot of surfers. Mummy's Favourite bit was eating the shells on the rocks with the old aunties. The shells looked like snails and they moved and I thought they are disgusting! My Brother and me really really like Swimming. The end. That's all.
Over rated !!!
The beach was rated as one of the top 10 sites to see in Jeju so we had it in our itinerary. But the beach was quite average ..Similar to what we have in Goa may be. The place was very crowded especially with a school kids and they were all outside ..None on the beach However there was a nice monkey sea lion and dolphin show at the beach . That was a must see .
Very romantic place
We visited this place and we really were surprised that its in real . all pictures were like we were in fairytale!
Sadly becoming too crowded
I've lived in Jeju for 4 years, and this beach used to be one of my favorite spots.  However, the crowds have become absolutely ridiculous, so I rarely go anymore.
Good for the morning
This beach was very beautiful and relatively clean. Water was clear and not too cold fot September. Altough it was posted reccommend  not to swim bc season ended in august the water and weather was great. Bathrooms were close by (though toilet paper was out at the one on the beach). The water was easy to swim in with children as it was very shallow and not rough. Got busier toward aftwrnoon with tourist buses and crowds though. Nice also as there were restraunts and snacks within walking distance, as well as showers. 2000 won for parking, but was worth it.
Looks nice,but too crowded
I didn't really like the beach. Though it was a sand beach, when i went to swim there were many small rocks. Since the beach is in a very touristic area, it's crowded and people everywhere try to sell something. In my opinion not really worth going there.
Beautiful beach
C1 ( 2016.07.14 ) This beach's wave and view was beautiful, and many people enjoyed swimmng and surfing in this beach. I enjoyed this beach's view in high place, that's good. Some raw fish restaurant was operating at the entrance of beach. Though there was not big, but beautiful beach.
Nice and different place
Beach open to swim July and August and there is a schedule 10-7pm outside this hours beach is close to swimming. You can only stay in water if you are a surfer.Follow lifeguard and police instructions, and take them seriously.Clear and clean water. can see some fish around
Sandy beach, tourists everywhere, but not what you think.
As an American, when I think beach, I think sand, water, sand castles, a boardwalk and a place to grab a drink. This beach has the sand and water, but that is absolutely it. Sand, water, then a huge hill. You have to have a car to get here. There is a parking lot a 1/4 to 1/2 mile away. At the lot, there is some minor touristy things. Think about 5 minutes of time to see it all. You then walk down a steep road and are at the beach. The pros: one of the few spots on the south side with sand, and not just boulders. There are bathrooms and a place to wash off. The cons: it's a beach and nothing else. Since our hotel is about 4 miles up the coast and right on the beach that is solid rock, we will drive here for the kids. But this is certainly not a reason to come here.
Nice place for a walk and some photo moments
Its a nice beach with great view of the Jungmun area 5 star hotels , you can find some lady also selling some live abalone and you can sit there and eat with the seaview.Nothing much here but some photo moments and a stroll by the nice stretch of beach. Was there in March so weather abit chilly for a dip so go in summer maybe there are more activities then.
Not a lot to,do, but a lovely beach
Beautiful beach, very tranquil, water is clean and unpolluted. If you just want a nice place to walk or rest, this beach is for you.
Beautiful sand and waves!
First time seeing Koreans surfing was at this very beach. Very clean and serene beach. Buffet restaurant in the area too and nice walkway around the coast.
Unfortunate time
Was only a small area available for swimming that week. Populated with kids and surfers separated by a rope and guards telling to stay close to the beach.
nice beach
one of the better swimmable beaches in Jeju. Swimming advised only during certain months though.....
Easily accessible beach from the Jungmun resort area
This is a very nice stretch of beach, easily accessible via several staircases from the main road or the Olle walking path located among the cliffs above the beach. This is perhaps the closest beach that you can leisurely walk to from any of the hotels in the Jungmun resort area. This is not a black sand beach, but it makes up for it with the wide and clean beach and the great surf. There’s a direct staircase to the beach from the Hyatt regency back garden.
Hot and crowded but the water was nice
It was so super hot and very crowded. The swimming area was small but nice waves.  You pretty much have to rent a table and umbrella.
ABSOLUTELY BREATHTAKING!!
Wow wow wow!! This beach is absolutely stunning!! We enjoyed it while staying at the Hyatt Regency. It wasn't packed at all on the side of the hotels side but there was an area roped away that had more people. It was so beautiful and although the water was cold it was still enjoyable. Must go if in Jeju!
Weather brought in a lot of rubbish
From the photo's it looked great but when we went it was black with leaves en rubbish. Not really chilling the people weren't very friendly and don't try to get something to eat at the entrance or at the parking lot. We hoped on a little paradise but it looked more like a landfill, maybe it cleans up in a week or so. It doesn't have the Bali, Jamaica, Aruba, Latin America outdoor chill vibe
Don't miss it!
Perfect views.  Morning sunrise.  Tranquilly and time to sort your thoughts.  Many of the problems of the world can be sorted with a nice stroll on this beach.
Decent beach.
This is no Caribbean beach so don't expect warm turquoise waters and endless stretches of fine white sand. Considering the area, however, it is a decent beach and worth checking out if you are in the area. It is located within the Jungmun Resort complex in Seogwipo, but there is no charge so anyone can visit.Here's what to expect: yellow/orange rough sand with lots of bits of shell; water that gets deep quite quickly; STRONG undertow on stormy days. The resort restricts people from swimming during certain months (wintertime, I think) because of the risk of undertow.  I mention the last point because the beach is actually quite beautiful to watch on a windy day as the waves crash into the volcanic rock.Quite often on weekends, foreigners gather to play rounds of volleyball.There are spots to get food near the beach and in the resort, but be ready for sky-high prices.
