Fun
Obviously this type of museum won't be interesting for everyone, but we had a blast taking pictures with all the images on the wall. Just something a little different if you're looking for it. Something simple and fun to do with the family. I think kids would love it!
Dissapointment
Got tricked. There were several rooms with walls of illusions but nothing really to brag about. Illusions were simple, some not well finished, and too few.  They even stationed a cafe/souvenir shop in the last room of illusions...hereby blocking the illusions. What were you thinking?!  I would not visit the place again
3D photographers taking
3D effects when taking photos. There is small guide on the wall besides the "painting" to help you to take photo to produce the effect you will display. Of course you can have your creative imagination position to take photo. To me is more on family bonding and a place to relax.
Fun photos!
When we came it was pouring outside, so this place was packed! Even though it was packed, we got through the Museum never having to wait in line to take a picture. This Museum has given us some hilarious pictures to share with our friends and families and it was very entertaining to pose in the artworks.
Honeymoon @ Trickeye Museum
We have fun at the Trickeye Museum. There are a great variety of backgrounds and they look really real.It should take about an hour to take 80% of the backgrounds on a non-peak period.
Tons of fun for $10
Need something to do with your family and don't want to break the bank? This is the place for you. For $10 per person, you can go into the Trick Eye museum which is designed for you to take some amazing pictures using some perceptive and trick camera angle techniques. Everyone will have a great time being immersed in some cool paintings and pictures. There is also a GoKart race track on the premises (extra fee) and a few snack bars to grab something quick.
good family fun
Never expect to have so much fun here. Young and old our family took over 100 photos in here. Low cost entertainment at its best...haha. would love to visit other sites in other cities soon.
Small museum with photo opportunities
A small 3d illusion museum that is just as described. Lots of photo opportunities so bring a friend to take advantage of them.
Just another 3D museum with lots of photo opps
This is a smallish 3D museum and only worth going if you are going to the Greek Mytholody Museum and mini maze next door. Combined ticket 12k Won.
Mind Your Eyes!
You really must watch your eyes in the museum! Because it will full of TRICKS! Follow the instructions given to get an amazing pictures. Located in Jeju Island, with a fabulous mountainous view, it's just a perfect place to go!
Great laugh. Tacky but fun
Fun way to spend an hour but the you really must get involved with the photos or you won't get much out of it
Great value of money
The admission fee for trickeye museum in Jeju is cheaper than other branch in Hongdae and Busan. I dont know if there's different inside the museum of every branch or not, but the Jeju branch is relatively small. But its not too crowded, so you can take the picture freely without long queue with other visitors.
