Too many visitors to have a peaceful time
Bijarim Forest is one of the most visited attractions in Gujwa area.  The forest area is quite small and walkable in about a half hour.  The fauna there isn’t anything out of the ordinary but the walk was pleasant especially in the hot weather when all of the path is in shaded areas.  I’m not sure why the forest gets so many visitors, especially with the 3000 won charge (which is probably necessary to control the number of visitors) as an area like this can be found in some public parks that are free.  Since there is really only one path, it’s impossible to avoid other tourists making it impossible to have a peaceful time.
Very relaxing place
One of the most relaxing forests I have ever visited in Korea. Even though there were quite a lot of people around the entrance, once you go in, you feel isolated and alone surrounded by nature. The smells, sounds and views are just incredible. Come if you like nature #추천웰니스관광지 #wellnesskorea #wellnesstourismsupporters #한국관광공사
An hour long Forest walk
There are some forests that are a bit more special on the island in my opinion. But this was a lovely hourlong walk that was easy and perfect for my five year old.
Closer touch to the nature
The visit to Bijarim Forest is a relaxing visit with a closer touch to the nature, feeling calm and peace. The trees looks aged and birds chirping, soft wind blowing. There are many locals walking or jogging in the forest during my visit. I would love to revisit it again if I visit Jeju again.
Relaxing and easy walk
The way to Bija Forest is very peaceful and beautiful. I think it is better to go during lunch time because it is less people. It takes 40 mins to walk and super easy. I saw many families with all different ages. It doesn't matter how fit you are, and I think anyone can walk on the trail. (I even saw several girls with high heels) There are several good photo spots as well. Walking on the forest was refreshing and relaxing. I hiked Mountain Halla a day before and it helped me to recover from 9 hours of walk.
Lovely walk
Carpark available. It was a lovely walk in the forest. Wear comfortable shoes and a light jacket. We went during autumn. I have sinus.. but minute we walked into the forest, my nose magically cleared up. The air was fresh and the sounds in the forest was beautiful. Wish i could record it. They have created a path to walk so its easy. No food allowed though. Took about an hour to walk.
good for calm walk
Really nice for walking. Quiet, peaceful and quaint place. It is good place to rest from cities and people.
Bijarim Forest is gold
My family and both of my grandmas said they felt like they gained 10 years more of their life after walking through this forest. The trails are excellent and there’s plenty to see for all ages. Definitely one of the prettiest sights of Jeju.
Go if you have a car
It took a little over 2 hours by bus to get here. I feel conflicted with it, as a part of me liked the place but another part of me thought there was (yet again!) nothing special here. Plus the journey to get there was already exhausting so probably my feet were already asleep halfway into my walk.So only go if you can rent a car, it will take much less time to get here. All in all a relaxing place to take a stroll or read in.
Enjoyable walk if there are no noisy tourists
The footpaths were well-marked and easy to walk even for my 71-year-old mum. I enjoyed the walk and the fresh air. The only downside was there were a few noisy tourists around so it was not so calming an experience.
Biggest nutmeg forest in the world!
It smells so good as soon as you get off the car and pass the entrance. After a short walk, you get to the Forest.  It is also easily accessible for baby strollers as they put some straw mats alone the forest so the whole family can enjoy a wonderful walk in the forest.  Not sure if wheelchairs can roll easily on those mats though but I saw quite some baby strollers.We took a detour after Sangumburi crater (about 20 min away), and spent about an hour in the forest but didn't complete it. Then in another 20-30 min, we arrived at a Five Day Market, which is about 10 min from the Haeyeo (Women Divers) museum.So this was how we planned our route to and from the forest.
Nutmeg forest
I found much of Jeju island to be very commercialized and crowded with loud tour groups. This is a great place to enjoy the natural beaty of Jeju with smaller groups of people. There is a small entrance fee.  The first half mile is along a wide crushed rock road. It is lined with young "nutmeg" trees. The trees are in the yew family. They are Torreya nucifera and are native to Japan. I  visited in October when the small edible nuts ripen. The nuts are encased in a thin husk that has a wonderful aroma. You will see people collecting them under the large trees.  Eventually the road ends and then you follow a loop trail that is about 2 feet wide it is covered with a hemp rope mat that felt lovely to walk on with bare feet.  The crowds end at the beginning of the narrow trail so you can walk through this section in peace and really marvel at the enchanting colors and smells of the forest and hear the songs of the many birds.  There were signs to watch for snakes but I saw none. The yews are huge.  Make sure to investigate the tree bark it is fabric like and soft. Also many of the other plants have English name labels which is nice. The trail is flat and should take a leisurely couple of hours or less if you rush.  I noticed a lot of people sitting on benches in the first section enjoying picnic lunches.
Take a day for this beautiful forest
This forest is peaceful, gorgeous, and sit you shouldn't skip. You can get here by car (if you brought one) taxi, or by taking several buses. You can take a map with you but you shouldn't get lost its all marked and one loooooong path. This takes a whole day if you plan to make it to the end. We didn't because we came in the afternoon and didn't want to be in the dark trying to find our way back. It is humid so dress light in summer, and bring water.Don't forget to bring a camera as there are beautiful natural rock formations and plant life, as well as bridges to pose on and if you are lucky you'll see Jeju deer frolicking around. We were super lucky and saw 4! There are little "rest stops" along the way but they are like camping ground logs to sit on and Korean squatter outhouses. The only problem I had was the bathrooms....I just couldn't bring myself to go because one they were smelly, two they were dark, three filled with various spiders and I was too terrified to go. If you are brave enough bring tissue paper you wipe with and to toss into the trash. (Tip many bathrooms in Korea don't have toilet paper in the stall. You have to grab it by the sinks before you head in. Many Koreans carry tissues in their purses or bags in case a bathroom is out of tissue. Be wise. Carry tissue. It can save you from an embarrassing episode)We want to go again so we can at least get to the prehistoric volcanic rock formation that we hear have lush plant life all around it!
Too many visitors to have a peaceful time
Bijarim Forest is one of the most visited attractions in Gujwa area.  The forest area is quite small and walkable in about a half hour.  The fauna there isn’t anything out of the ordinary but the walk was pleasant especially in the hot weather when all of the path is in shaded areas.  I’m not sure why the forest gets so many visitors, especially with the 3000 won charge (which is probably necessary to control the number of visitors) as an area like this can be found in some public parks that are free.  Since there is really only one path, it’s impossible to avoid other tourists making it impossible to have a peaceful time.
Relaxing walk in a beautiful forest
We visited this place on a slightly gloomy day. This and the amazon green colours of the flora made it look like a mystic forest, something out of an animation. They say, walking among these nutmeg trees has healing properties, and eventhough I was sceptical at first, soon I could feel my nerves calming down. It felt like someone poured some sleeping powder on us. Oh and the smell! I've never felt such pungent yet clean fragrance in a forest before, it's truly unique. All those pretty colours and the distinctive smell of nutmeg and cinnamon trees makes this pathway a mesmerizing experience. The route takes at least 40 minutes-1 hour. There are some charming restaurants and coffee places before the entrance, and a huge parking lot. The whole are is beautiful.
Very refreshing walk through the woods
Perfect for couples to take a romantic walk through the woods. Be sure to take the shortcut if you just want to get to the end of it quickly and see the oldest tree around, or if you're a romantic be sure to take the long route and walk hand in hand with your beloved. Enjoyed the refreshing walk and highly recommended.
Love the atmosphere
We went there right after rain, which is a recommended time to visit since there are more fresh air pumping out from all those trees. The view reminded me of Totoro, the mysterious forest atmosphere!! I would definately visit again.
What a wonderful place !
If you want to enjoy around two hours walking without difficulties in the middle of an amazing and dense  forest I highly recommend you to visit Bijarim. Considering the time needed for these trees (nutmeg yew, family of the Taxus) to grow and the fact that normally you can only find it as bushes into other species's forest this place is a unique jewel with many of the trees aging more that 500 or indeed 800 years. Beautiful and relaxing experience that I will keep forever in my memories as a lover of trees that I am.
Relaxing and easy walk
The way to Bija Forest is very peaceful and beautiful. I think it is better to go during lunch time because it is less people. It takes 40 mins to walk and super easy. I saw many families with all different ages. It doesn't matter how fit you are, and I think anyone can walk on the trail. (I even saw several girls with high heels) There are several good photo spots as well. Walking on the forest was refreshing and relaxing. I hiked Mountain Halla a day before and it helped me to recover from 9 hours of walk.
Excellent place to have a peaceful walk
We visited this place out of curiosity and was quite surprised how peaceful it was. It was a weekday when we were there but it might get a lot more crowded on weekends.Give this place a chance if you would like to experience a walk, albeit on man made trails, in the forest as it was quiet, peaceful and there are many great photo ops.
Beautiful forest walk
A lovely nature-based walk in a beautiful forest. Appreciating the history and beauty of these ancient nutmeg trees!
Relaxing walk in the forest
Good place to have a relaxing walk in a natural forest. It's not a long hike, about an hour, and there are flat trails. Check out the cafe that has nice tea beside the car park.
Closer touch to the nature
The visit to Bijarim Forest is a relaxing visit with a closer touch to the nature, feeling calm and peace. The trees looks aged and birds chirping, soft wind blowing. There are many locals walking or jogging in the forest during my visit. I would love to revisit it again if I visit Jeju again.
Lovely walk
Carpark available. It was a lovely walk in the forest. Wear comfortable shoes and a light jacket. We went during autumn. I have sinus.. but minute we walked into the forest, my nose magically cleared up. The air was fresh and the sounds in the forest was beautiful. Wish i could record it. They have created a path to walk so its easy. No food allowed though. Took about an hour to walk.
good for calm walk
Really nice for walking. Quiet, peaceful and quaint place. It is good place to rest from cities and people.
Bijarim Forest is gold
My family and both of my grandmas said they felt like they gained 10 years more of their life after walking through this forest. The trails are excellent and there’s plenty to see for all ages. Definitely one of the prettiest sights of Jeju.
Leisure walk
Came here for a leisure stroll after a heavy breakfast. Air was fresh and cool. Would be better if it was quiet but there are a number of tour groups with speakers and people talkin loudly. Kinda disturb the tranquility associated with the place
A Good Morning Walk
If you need a good work out, this forest in Jeju is worth paying a visit. The autumn 10C air is perfect, although the leaves were only starting to blend with the sun, you can imagine the shades of red, orange and yellow if it's at its peak!  The old nutmeg trees provided good photo opportunities for those with a passion for nature.
Highly recommend
Great to go for a stroll through the forrest. Either early morning or late afternoon would be perfect
Wonderful nature in Jeju
I am really amazed and really love walking inside the forest you will feel delighted very clean and green trees, smells good and you can relax and breath well. Bijarim Forest-Is a group of about 2,800 nutmeg trees between 500 and 800 years old. They are 7-14m in height and 50-110cm in diameter. This is the largest nutmeg tree forest in the world. In the middle of the forest is an 800-year-old tree, called ‘Ancestor tree of the Bija trees.
Relaxing walk
This place will be good for nature lovers and those who are in Jeju to relax and get away from busy city life. It only takes 1hour to cover the area at a slow pace. You may get a chance to see autumn foliage here from mid to late Nov as there are quite a number of maple trees in the forest. (Note: Autumn is mild in Jeju, while northern parts of Korea are having colourful autumn foliage, we hardly see any colourful trees in Jeju till we came to Bijarim forest)
Average forest for Europeans
It was once the most beautiful street in Korea. As a German that comes from the countryside it was just a regular forest with a small hiking trail. Nothing real special about. I was a little disappointed.If you're in a hurry, don't visit the Bijarim Forest but rather the Lava tunnel which is close by!
Little island
A lot of tourists about. This was a small park but it seemed quite popular. But my preference would be the village where they shot the korean series 'the legend'. Just can't remember the name of the village. Anyways I was here around 2008. Enjoyed my tour trip
Nice little forest
It took us less than one hour to walk around the forest. Not a bad stopover but nothing special. There is a more than 800 year old nutmeg tree in the back of the forest that represents the strong spirit of the Jeju people. Trail easy for all ages.
Beautiful, relaxing, cool.
We took a relaxing stroll through a beautiful forest Bijraim Nutmeg Forest. The shade of the forest is perfect for a hot summer day. It's a beautiful small forest, but getting there was a bit time-consuming, involving a bus ride from Jeju City and some brief hitch-hiking. (We were to take a second bus, but we waited so long that decided to hitch a ride instead.) However, from Bijraim, there is a bus that takes you directly to the popular Manjanggul, so it's a good idea to visit both in the same day.
Beautiful Nutmeg Forest
The world's largest nutmeg forest can be found on Jeju Island, South Korea.  A beautiful, old growth forest with a gigantic nutmeg tree as the central attraction, this forest offers quiet beauty to stroll through in a relaxed and rejuvenating atmosphere. The smell of nutmeg is distinct immediately upon entering.  Parts of the forest have beautiful red crushed stone walking paths and other parts have very well maintained wooden pathways.  To do the whole forest takes about 60 minutes at a comfortable pace.  Picture opportunities abound, and you'll likely be able to see wedding couples posing for their formal pictures amidst the beauty of the forest surroundings.  A great break from the hustle-bustle of other attractions, this forest offers the opportunity to enjoy nature in a very unique way.
One of our favorite stops
This forest has a nutmeg tree that is over 826 years old.  We enjoyed walking on the paths that weave through the forest.  Beautiful trees, flowers and lovely singing birds.  We saw a snake and loved the fresh smelling air.  There is a small store selling drinks and snacks and a small coffee shop.  No gift shop.  The paths are well maintained and very easy to walk on.
Good for a walk
It's a nice place for a walk. Very calming. You can even trek when you are deeper into the walk. Nice surroundings
Pleasant walk
Went there after visiting the Manjanggul caves, fairly close by. Not necessarily a tourist attraction, but if you're looking to spend an hour or two in a nice forest away from all the coach visitors, this is a great spot. All we saw were Koreans out for a Sunday walk. There is a circuit path through the forest, all level, well maintained, took us maybe an hour to complete. Totally relaxing and peaceful.
Very relaxing place
One of the most relaxing forests I have ever visited in Korea. Even though there were quite a lot of people around the entrance, once you go in, you feel isolated and alone surrounded by nature. The smells, sounds and views are just incredible. Come if you like nature #추천웰니스관광지 #wellnesskorea #wellnesstourismsupporters #한국관광공사
An hour long Forest walk
There are some forests that are a bit more special on the island in my opinion. But this was a lovely hourlong walk that was easy and perfect for my five year old.
Go if you have a car
It took a little over 2 hours by bus to get here. I feel conflicted with it, as a part of me liked the place but another part of me thought there was (yet again!) nothing special here. Plus the journey to get there was already exhausting so probably my feet were already asleep halfway into my walk.So only go if you can rent a car, it will take much less time to get here. All in all a relaxing place to take a stroll or read in.
Enjoyable walk if there are no noisy tourists
The footpaths were well-marked and easy to walk even for my 71-year-old mum. I enjoyed the walk and the fresh air. The only downside was there were a few noisy tourists around so it was not so calming an experience.
Nice for a peaceful walk.
This place is ok if you have some spare time and want a peaceful walk.As long as you don't meet any tours because they can me noisy.Its nothing special just trees and very little else.Not worth it if you have to come out of your way.
Biljarim forest
It’s a place must visit in Jeju island. Air is so fresh and the walk is tranquil. When you walk through the forest and appreciate wat the Korean say that it is a place for meditation. There is a tap near the entrance, water is so refreshing. Trees in the forest have been there for hundred of years . It’s a treat to see some trees with autumn leaves. There are some Low walls with black stone formations which apparently is the volcanic rock from Jeju itself.. Would definitely come back here again to spend more time in the forest At the end of the walk they even have the vacuum facility to blow off the red soil from your shoes
Another Beautiful Park Area.
Jeju has many beautiful bushland and park areas that are truely outstanding at all seasons of the year. Bijarim Forest is yet another one of these and can be different in each of the seasons. Take water if in summer and a coat if in winter!! Enjoy wandering the pathways and seating areas provided to take in the beauty.
Nutmeg trees and flies
A pleasant walk among trees and nature. Many small flies hovering around at certain areas. A small cafe and convenience store near the entrance. An easy outing for elderly folks and a pleasant walk for families.
Peace and quiet in the city.
This is a great place to go inside the city to get some quality exercise. The trails are in great shape and the views are magical.Going for a walk is easy and fun. Finding a parking spot is a little more challenging. This is inside the city so it is a very popular spot. Great for the whole family.
Lovely quiet place to enjoy a walk
Our guide brought us there and we really enjoyed walking in the park. My son was walking quietly by himself taking in the fresh air. Lovely place to find peace and tranquility and to just be in tune with yourself and nature.Lovely old nutmeg trees which give out a lovely fragrance! I could come here to walk every day!
Calm and peaceful forest where you can take special photos
Before, people usually visited there for watching trees, feeling energy from the forest and healing. But these days there are more and more people to take photos for wedding. Wedding couples turned into one of the enjoyments of the forest. You can go there with your family and any kind of carrier will be fine.
Just a forest
Nice forest but nothing incredible or uniqueThere is only one type of tree but then it is just a forest
Great forest!
Once you stepped in , you will feel immidate relaxation! The smell is different, the surrounding sounds quieted down and just a overall sense of calmness washing over you.
Nothing special
If you love nature and taking walks, you'd enjoy this place. The smell is nice and the trees are impressive, but walking around for an hour looking at hundreds of the same trees doesn't excite me. It was nice and an okay way to kill an hour, but if it's between this and doing something else, choose the ladder.
Beautiful
Beautiful little forest on the island. Very peaceful spot for a nice walk in good company. You can also have picnic there if you wish to.
Forest bathing
Bijarim Forest holds about 2,800 nutmeg trees between 500 and 800 years old and is supposedly the largest nutmeg grove in the world. A 813 years old "Ancestor tree of Bijia tree", also dubbed the "New Millennium Nutmeg" (#0001 tree) sits in the middle of the forest. Local residents hope the spiritual power of this noble tree will bring happiness, prosperity, and health to all in the coming millennium.The trees emit phytoncide, said to strengthen one's immunity system and enhances natural healing of the human body. Japanese and Koreans advocate forest bathing, aka shinrin-yoku or 森林浴 and sanlimyok 산림욕 respectively.  Essentially this is a short, leisurely visit to absorb the forest atmosphere and was developed in Japan during the 1980s as part of preventive health care and healing.  So do walk slowly, breathe deeply, open all your senses in the revitalising woods to calm, rejuvenate and restore your body.  Truly pleasant stroll for nature lovers and family outing.Note: Despite its charm, Bijarim Forest is more popular with locals than foreign tourists due to public transportation and lack of awareness. Cover this place as part of  Manjanggul caves/Sangumburi crater tour. The woods can get mud-logged after rainfall.
A gentle stroll
Not a big forest and you have to pay a small fee to enter, a quick hours stroll some pretty trees not much else to see though.
Bijarim forest
Not too impressed with the attraction. Went on a Monday just after a morning drizzle. Just a pretty run of the mill forest (seen waaay more impressive ones elsewhere). Doesn't help that you have to pay to get in. Be prepared to get your shoes/feet muddied.
Well, just a Forest
Nothing really special. 1000 (for youth) and 2000 (adult) admission fee. I wouldn't go there if it wouldn't be close to my guesthouse.Maybe it would be interesting for families with small children. But for a walk i would rather prefer going to the beach.
Nutmeg woods in Jeju
You can walk around under the shade of thick netmeg trees. Also, you can enjoy basking in the woods. The oldest tree is about eight hundred and fifty years old.
Evergreen and aromatic
Lot of trees. Fresh air. Nice walk. Most of the trees are old and have description in Korean . It has oldest nutmeg tree. Can hear lot of different birds. Love nature then must see.
Nice and easy walk in the forest
This forest of nutmeg trees are easily accessible and very easy and nice to take a walk - 2 easy trails which are around 1 to 2.2 km long - all easy terrain, just some stretches of little gravel roads. We enjoyed an hour's walk in the sunset and loved it. While travelling there, keep looking out for the road which is flanked by giant nutmeg trees, said to be filming location for several Korean romantic drama.
Forest walk~~
Coming to this place in a cool weather will be really nice~ Do not need to rush, just take your time and enjoy~
Refreshing walk
We took a nice walk through the nutmeg forest, took us about an hour to finish the circuit. It isn't easy to get to if you don't have a car though-we took a taxi from manjangul lava caves, but found it very hard to get back, since there were no taxis or regular buses. Thankfully some helpful Koreans helped call a taxi for us.
Beutiful
This is a really beautiful stroll through the forrest but no more than that. If you're in the area and able go visit otherwise it is one of those sights you can skip if time is limited.
Nice view of forest
Winter only can see tress .Its better to visit during Spring & Autumn on blooming of flowers. Nothing mch to see.
Cool and refreshing
Enjoyed the cool air, the lovely outdoor smell of nature and that it was not at all a long walk through the forest. Well tethered and constructed pathways.
