Most contents (90%) in korean only
It was a butterfly and insects theme park. Entry fee 9,500 won. It doesn't display real butterflies and insects I think. There were just fake, but they really did a great job by setting up for the exhibition. I really adored their creativeness to potray various human activities, and historic scene by using insects and butterflies. The miniature were really nice. If you are expecting to see some real butterflies flying around, you wouldn't see one :(We also went to mirror maze. This was superrr awesome! The maze was small, but it really did made us feel excited to find our way out. Beware not to bump to those mirrors hehe.
Fun place for young kids
The butterfly museum is interesting showcasing many species of insects but the information are all in Korean. Walk out of the building there is an outdoor park with a maze. The mirror maze is not to be missed, the kids had so much fun finding their way out!
Nice
It's the first place we went on our first day in jeju.Had fun playing with mirror, and it's interesting to see insects are decorated like human.. at first we don't understand what this park do, but for me, it's like an insects museum
Butterflies & crystals
It's a place where you will enjoy if you love insects. There are lots of species of butterflies specimen, fossils, etc. It is beautifully decorated. Walk around the vicinity and try to find a place where there is nicely decorated crystals stuffs.
Unusual and funny
I bet you never saw the epic scenes of Iliad performed by beetles. Or a big stag beetle in a role of small prince on its tiny planet. Bugs playing football or the bugs city are very funny. All scenes are clever made. Very impressive.The place has also small patting zoo with rabbits, hedgehogs, cats and others.
World of insects
They “reborn” the dead and colorful insects to put them on displays as they are living the life of human with small scenes in the glass frames. We are amazed and especially impressed with the bugs playing football and the goalkeeper bug was catching it! There are also a huge collection of butterflies and other species in this museum.
Tickets from $7.50
