NOT Loveland in pictures
Don’t t be confused. The museum of sex is further south near Seogwipo and NOT what is in the photos of this review. 12,000won totally not worth entry to the museum. Most is in Korean very little in English. The garden is out front with stone sculpture. No real need to pay to go inside. Loveland which is what the photos depict is north of Hallasan and a whole different place.
This is NOT the museum of sex and health, but Loveland.
What a mistake of Tripadvisor, and people writing revieuws.What we see here is Loveland, close to city of Jeju. A site with funny statues.The museum for sex and health is on the other side of the island, close to Jungnum resort/Seogwipo.Once Tripadvisor has added the museum to the site i will write a reveiuw. Thank you.
Love acts displays
Strictly for adults, this open air museum has many stone sculptures of male and female in various positions. There is also an indoor museum with miniature clay figurines, a souvenir shop and a food stall within the compound. Admission fee 12.000 won. Suggest you combine this place with the nearby Nexon Computer Museum.Transport tip: From the airport, take bus 331, 332, 465, 466, at airport bus stand 6, between gates 4 & 5. Alight at Jeju Museum of Art, walk 400m. Bus fare is 1150 won, journey about 30 mins.
Expensive and nothing much to see
The ticket is expensive for what you could see. Nothing special. Some displays could be humorous, but that's about it.
Rainy day thing
It was pouring and we needed something to do.  Jeju has a lot of museums and this was our first stop.  As a person who studies sexual health I found the museum average.  Why?First the museum does a good job at giving a lot of different perspectives. Covering things like marriage, history,  homosexuality,  maturity, sti, masturbation,  bdsm, etc. They have displays, installations, artefacts, video and some interactivity. The biggest problem is that all the information is written in Korean. So it was impossible to actually learn. I would have liked to read all the information that was presented. Also the price was expensive 12000 won was a lot for what you got.If the information was in English I could see me giving 4 stars.
Weird and expensive
The museum is very small. Find it very weird, not any form of art but just like kamasutra book on the face. Ticket is pricey for what you see.
This may tickle your fancy
Jeju love land is one of those parks that is worth going to for simply being unique. If you have a sense of humour and love all things bizarre, this is worth checking out. You can grab a penis shaped dessert, ice cream or beverage and there are a number of quirky and interactive sculptures to gawk at. Getting around Jeju Island isn't that easy, a taxi might be your best bet. Make sure you have the address up on google maps for your driver to see.
Weird and wonderful
Quite an eyeopening day with many great art installations to explore and view. Would not recommend this for prudish people! Most of the art is outside, remember to pack a jacket/umbrella.
Interesting albeit lonely outing
The place is a bit run down and really short of foot traffic. We were accosted when we stepped into the museum shops. The entrance fee is relatively steep for Jeju - 12k for each adult.The exhibits are tasteful in my opinion but the rust is showing. For the entrance fee, I expect to receive at least a small souvenir.
Interesting place to visit
Entrance fee is 12000 won next to mysterious road . Also known as Love Land . Basically you see a lot of statues of naked men and women with different positions of compilations . Quite a unique place to visit.
Incoherent but funny
I don’t regret going but don’t have high expectations. All the rooms/ exhibitions are very differently themed. Some educational, some just modern art, one room has really good descriptions and English text, another has no information in any language at all, the next just used google translate and some rooms have lots and lots of educational texts but only in Korean. With that said, I still had plenty good laughs, saw lots of fun stuff, learned some and had a few interesting conversations with my partner. Homosexuality and a few kinks are represented to some degree, I wouldn’t bring grandma or anyone really you’re not perfectly comfortable seeing depictions of... well everything with. Going with a partner was a lot of fun though ^^
Really clichet!
This is a tourist trap. Everything is clichet and basic. Gross sculptures and pictures. Not worth a visit.
Lots of display but lacking english interpretations
Interesting on a rainy day and only if you have visited all of the important sights on Jeju. Worth a stop if you are on your way to Sanbangsan but not worth a special trip just to visit.
Good tour for young couples
Not recommended for older folks and don't go with large family groups. Great for young couples and singles. Plenty to see, fo and buy there also.
for adults
+18 enjoy your time there, Interesting sculptures of male and female organs, sex positions all over the place and a shop
interesting park for adults
strictly for those above 18.but beware that buses come here ends early.after 10pm i only see taxis and cars.Interesting stone sculptures of male and female organs.sex positions..a shop selling interesting condoms and penis keychains vibrators etc..super cold at night..open until midnight..there is a indoor museum and show clay figurines..
Naughty and funny
Strictly for 18 years old and up. Could be better if they have a place where you can leave the underage to be entertained while waiting for the old ones. How they portray different sex positions and private parts are funny yet artistic.
Fun visit, great laughs
Good for a day out, we had a lot of fun laughing and exploring the place. Don't take it to seirously and you will have a great time.
Love Land
This is better known as Jeju Love Land Park, and I thought it was hilarious! Everything that could be penis shaped is penis shaped, it is full of sculptures, pictures, dioramas. I wouldn't call it educational or a museum, but a sex themed amusement park and indeed I was amused!
Erotic theme park...........
There are several museum of sex & health in Jeju islands.  Jeju Loveland is one of them located a short drive from Jeju Town or Jeju Airport.  It is also a stop of Jeju Golden Bus City Tour.  There are hundreds of sexy and comic sculptures which are placed outside in a well maintained park.  There is also a soft core art galleries and adult toy stores where things are quite expensive. The entry fee: Won 12,000 Timing: 0900 to 2300 hrs. Entry allowed for adults above 20 years of age.  It is something different.
Pretty cheesy but some visitors seemed to really enjoy it
Meh. This museum was included in our group tour so we visited and thought it was ok. The statues are a bit silly and the overall theme of the park is sex- related so definitely not age appropriate for young kids (which we did see running around!)
Jeju trip
Not bad for visiting, the entrance ticket fees is 12000won per person . Inside have a lot of things to view for sex and health...
Pretty cool
It was pretty interesting, that place is so unusual in Korea, me and my friends were walking around discovering more and more statues and figures around. I think that place is unique and it’s very clean, tickets are not expensive at all so if you have a chance - go there, there aren’t many things to see on Jeju island.
Not worth it
It was an interesting place to visit, not really somewhere I enjoy but to each their own. We didn't plan to come, but saw it when we were driving on the mysterious road which is right next door. My problem with this place was the KRW9000 price, which I thought was quite high for a sculpture park, especially considering most attractions in Jeju are far cheaper and more interesting.
Eye Opening
This museum is eye opening and insightful. We visited this museum (do not bring children) and was amazed at how sex was on fl display. I did not know what to expect, let your imagination run wild and you will probably see it.
Aged and boring park. A waste of time.
My friends and I were so excited about Loveland before our visit. However, we were quite disappointed afterward as the park was kind of old. We expect more to see after paying so much for admission but nothing else besides statues and some aged fountains. Only visit if you really have free time to kill.
Not worth it
It's quite far from main area and you need to change bus if you want to use public transport. We decided to go by taxi to save time. This place is quite big. Be prepared to walk and walk and walk. They have made huge statues of males and females in various positions. It's funny to see all this at a public place with so many people of different ages.
Funny museum
Admission fee 12.000won per Person. Free parking. Coffee and souvenir shop inside.I would give 4 points, but this museum has no information in english at all. Although they advertise the museum with “biggest sex museum in the world“, so in my opinion the translation of information in english is a must. The admission fee is way too overpriced for not understandig everything. They do translate in chinese.By the way, the museum is more funny instead of “sexy“. Would just go here with friends, not with a date, because some statues/pics etc kill every possible erotic moment. XD
Jeju Loveland
Okay, this is pretty common on Jeju, I guess. There are lots of museums that copy each other and it confuses tourists. This listing is an example of that. The reviews for this listing is a mix for the Museum of Sex and Health and for Loveland, there is no actual listing on here for Loveland. We did our research first to decide which one to go to, and Loveland looked like the more fun one - a lot of the pictures of outdoor sculptures on this listing are actually from Loveland, not the Museum of Sex and Health). I'm not even if they both have the outdoor sculptures. Loveland is mostly outdoors, but it does have an indoor section too with a shop and a diorama exhibit (if you're strapped for time, you can probably skip the indoor part, it's not very long and the exhibits inside are mostly in Korean, so if you can't read it you have to extrapolate things for yourself). The park is fun, a lot of it is very silly (they even designed the bathrooms in the spirit of the park - have a look at the door handles).
Cool
Very nice place, different, quircky, a bit cheese but really nice. Go on sunset, see the lights. Shops are not the best. But the waffles are very good :) Pay attention to the names of the sculptures
Don't bother
It's stated only those above age 18 are allowed in though am not sure if it's strictly enforced. There were plenty of tours consisting of local senior residents dropping in. Majority of the displays were outdoors so be prepared for plenty of walking. One of the buildings does not have elevator not escalator access to the upper floor hence it's inaccessible to those who can't use the stairs but they compensated by showing a brief video summary at the lower floor.
Interesting and quirky wish there was more in english
I think we would have gotten much more out of this if there was English on the first floor displays. On the second floor there is much more English to make it interesting.Some of the content is just weird and some what hilariousThe statues outside are also great to pose with!
A different experience
You travel to get different experiences and this was definitely one of those. Close to Jeju city and free car park. Definitely an adults only/couple only museum.
A Highlight of Our Trip
I found out about Love Land on Google during our cruise to Asia.  So when we landed, my husband and I took a taxi cab there.  It was right next door to the Museum of Modern Art, so we checked that out first.  And then we walked over to Love Land.  It could also be called "Happy Land," as we would every now and then hear an eruption of laughter from other visitors.  We were certainly laughing, too.The sculptures in various poses of love were whimsical and clever.  It was a nice walk that took us about an hour and a half.  At the end we went into the shop where there were small dioramas and objects for sale.Volcanoes and waterfalls I have seen before.  But I had never seen a place like Love Land.  When we returned to our cruise ship, fellow cruisers said "Why didn't you tell us?!  We would have gone."
Love Museum!
A museum for adults only. There were unusual art designs of male and female organs. There is also a shop inside where you can buy "for adults" stuff.
An interesting stop over if in the area......
We were quite surprised to see this place actually existed, but then Jeju is meant to be a lovers island.  It was full of giggly groups of young girls and (separately) boys, with the only couples being more mature tourists.   I guess it can be seen as being quite educational.  Any shock you might find in the first 10 mins or so is soon negated as this place is just straight in your face.  On the whole, very well done, and an extra angle on your holiday.  So, why isn't their one of these in Margate ?!
Awkwardly hilarious
I was on tour with my parents thus the title. The art itself is pretty good. You have different artists interpreting sex in different ways. Just like a typical museum with labels, this has one too. Don't miss out on reading what their art are called. It's pretty hilarious. There's a shop where you can buy "stuff" as well. The whole place is open to 18 year olds and above only.
Kitschy "museum"
The "museum" is not too far from Jeju City, so it's only a short ride in a taxi to this location.  You may want to tell the taxi driver to drive past the Jeju Mysterious Road if you are going this way as it is along the route.The museum itself attempts to shock you, but you get over the shock in a few minutes and it does become a bit mundane after a while.  You do sense that the museum creators did have a good sense of humor though.  There are many, many displays that feature sexual positions, toys, etc., but nothing that is too shocking.  The grounds are fairly immaculate, too.  Many phallic symbols, etc.  You know what to expect at this location.I guess it is worth the visit as there are not too many museums like this in the world, but it really isn't worth an out of the way trip to this museum.
Very Creatively Done
Max 1 and half hour. The human figures in the park shows the erotic part of the human being in different sex positions but done in an very artistic fashion. There's also shops inside selling sex toys, accessories. Try not to bring underage in, not sure if they restrict.
Very...Enlightening 😂
I was so immature at this museum! But I have to admit it was very educational and interesting. You will learn quite a bit about sexual liberation and such. I guess you can bring your kids here if you so choose as a parent. Lol but mostly it's a great place to go with your significant other. I enjoyed my time there.
Good on a boring night
Bored?  Run out of things to do for the evening?  this is good for about an hour's worth of entertainment.  Visit with low expectations and your experience will be improved.   As others have stated the statues are redundant and some are just kind of creepy (fat lady in her panty with a skinny undersized man).  The high note are the dioramas depicting different sexual acts.   Not only do they look accurate but they also look very cute.
Amazing night view
I visited this place at night, and really enjoyed it. You should definitely have your camera with you and ready to get lots and lots of dirty photos with the sculptures made for you to fit in. It also has a small sex shop and an exhibition. Within the park you will also find a casual gift shop.Fantastic place and definitely a must for couples!
Amazing Art
If you're a bit kinky and you like art, this is the place for you. About 100 different sculptures in all size with amazing details. This site will make you laugh and smile no matter how serious you are. Good attraction for about 2 houres.
Good if you Need Something to Do in the Evening
The benefit of this place is that it's open pretty late. So when you don't know what to do when everything is closed after 6:00 om, check this out. Most of "Loveland" consists of lots of outside sculptures. There are a few small interior displays - including one with a history of sex toys and small dioramas of silly sex scenes. There are also a few shops - one with old, dusty outdated sex toys; the other had funny souvenirs and modern sex toys. There was also a cute cafe that offered the dense penis and boob bread, drinks, and ice cream. There are lots of picture taking opportunities, but after awhile, it becomes repetitive. You get the picture.
Sex museum
Awesome Museum! Has everything for singles and couples who want to visit! It was only 20 minutes from the hotel and the taxi service was great! Spend about 2 hours with the gift shops, mini museums inside, and looking at the statues. It was raining however the staff was prepared for the rain and had rain coats available for 2,000 won! I would definitely recommend!
A bit repetitive
It was ok but they had a lot of the same decorations used over and over again. The museum also didn't really teach anything I didn't already know
Don't bring your kids here!
Very interesting museum. It's just funny and fun. I don't think we can find  this kind of museum just anywhere. Definitely a laughing place to be.
Not a museum. Save your money.
This is not a museum. It's a collection of anything vaguely sex-related. It really seems like something a middle-schooler designed. Please, save your money.
Interesting place
Garden itself has attracted lots of visitors. Enjoyed the museum but would have been better if captions were done more in English.
Dont waste your time
read reviews on this place and thought should visit and ee all the hype. To start of with there is an entrance fee of 12000 KW its not worth it for the exhibits and it was all in Korean so really didn't get it at all. Anyways, since I was already there just make the most of it. nothing so special so you can give this a miss if you have spare time, enjoy the beach view is much better than wasting time here.
This place is just a fun place to hang around to have some greek pose with the sex figure.
It will be fun if you come in a group of friends or with your partner in which you can take turn to do some weird pose with the statue. Other than that, it is quite boring if you visit here alone. The entrance ticket is not that cheap as well.
Starts Strong, Ends...
This museum is 90% in Korean, but as they say, some things are easier to understand. In the beginning the museum starts out with some interesting, if broad, sex-positive history. It's sex and HEALTH, however, so there's info about AIDS as well as misconceptions about sex and sexual health. Towards the middle of the museum it starts to go off the rails a little bit. The "Fantasy" section is a lot of chintzy garbage and mannequins in lewd/bizarre positions and tableaus. It doesn't add anything, it moreso detracts from the legitimacy established in the first half. Only go if you're stuck with a rainy day. Otherwise, you'd be better off enjoying Jeju's natural wonders.
IT'S THE SCULPTURE PARK THAT MUST BE SEEN
The museum has some interesting, and sometimes humorous displays. The real attraction here is the outdoor sculpture park. A walk around it is  like no other outdoor display of art your have ever seen. Well worth the price of admission.This experience may not be for everyone. Obviously, it is sexually oriented.
Rare sex park
This is a sex park the creation of art students.I searched for this on net and thought that it is a rare park seen anywhere in the world and I SHOULD VISIT IT.I was solo without my wife or friend and so duel in mind to visit this,but I visited this and found so many statues in different sex making positions.There were people either with their partners or friends but I was the only one solo.But I am not shy and of a higher age of 63 and sporting during travel and tour.I took lot of photoes of these statues and some were taken with theb by the hands of girls or ladies in my camera.I felt nothing wrong when they dare to visit and see and thought they will not shy taking my photo.This is a park to be visited with open non pejudised minded people.If you have free time of 2 hours in the morning you can visit it and enjoy.Of course with photo in tour camera.You would not find this anywhere in the world in a open air park form.I SUGGEST NOT TO TAKE YOUR KIDS HERE.
More Educational than expected
I went there with my husband so it was okay but we saw many awkward couples. It had tons of information about sex but sadly most do them didn't have English translation. Most of the museum was indoors so it was perfect for cold weather. The place looks a little run down, they probably didn't update their facility for a couple years. It was quite interesting and fun for pictures. Worth the visit :)
Place for couple
Love Land is the place i visit and having so much fun in jeju! entrance fee w9000 per person but seriously worth it, cos place is huge with indoor and outdoor. outdoor with all the sex pose statues, very embarrassing while walking around the park. but i really do enjoy! its cute and some sexual knowledge >///< visit during January, spend about 2 hours plus in the park. i believe can be more but due to weather is super cold we couldn't stand the windy cold, we left right after round the whole park. basically is 80% outdoor and 10% indoor + 10% indoor souvenir shop.
Very fun
Spent a couple of hours at this museum. It was a fun attraction to visit with friends and got a lot of hilarious photos.
Outdoor Adult Museum
This is open air museum with so many statue in the garden.  Here we can find so many statue represent Man and Women.  So Many interesting statue to take picture with.
An outdoor sex education class!
Loved the play of words on the title of each statue and the look of the statue. Made the tour around the museum humorous.
Bizarre sexual sculptures
Open air museum that hosts a plethora of weird statues that are lewd and sometimes bizarre. It is really more of a photo-taking venue than one that is educational. Even so, I felt embarrassed posting any of the photos I took here on Facebook as some of the sculptures were just too sexually explicit. Great if you are going with a group of good friends for a good laugh. Don't go if you are easily offended by sexual content.
Don't be shy
this is very open place to our knowledge about sex and love...school teacher's and family used to visit their childrens to explore this place about adults life in advance to educate them...
Good clean fun
An amusing theme park with plenty to see but not much to do (aside from take photos in compromising positions with statues). The museum does provide some interesting insight into sexuality in South Korea -- note that while full bodied male statues are plentiful, the only time larger women feature is in sculptures where men are desperately trying to escape.
Adults only museum
Went with my friend and it was really a rare experience and rare sight for us. There are a lot of sculptures in the park and all of them come in different poses. It was a good chance to take some funny photos but we found it not so appropriate to take such pictures and so we didn't take much pictures of the sculptures.We walked across the park and saw different sculptures which have different funny messages (and we had a good laugh about some of the messages). After that we went in to their indoor shop where they sell "adults toys" and some chocolates (with pictures of different poses). There are also some shops outside which sell handmade stuffs and chocolates. Overall, if you are in Jeju and you are not shy, take a visit here once. However the way here is not so convenient. We took a taxi from our hotel since it is near (it took about 15 mins by taxi).
Fun visit
This place is great for a laugh-make sure you go with a friend or your other half as you will want someone to laugh with. Worth all the photo opportunities alone!
Must visit place ^.^
Only recommend for couples and fun placePlease don't go there if you are traveling with kids or parents.Your face will be red for next few hours. haha
Can be better
Loveland - the adult sex park.  I read about it before the trip and thought why not visit it.  Something different but we were disappointed.  The ticket was pricey @ 9,000krw per person.  Inside the exhibits spread out over the park can be better sculptured and the themes in each exhibit area better managed.  Overall it was a disappointment.
Don't waste your time
At first glance this place looks like a fun place but quickly becomes a waste of time.  The outdoor garden is the only place that is fun.  They have fun statues and great photo opportunities but as soon as you walk inside you will quickly become disappointed.  With the coupon entrance is about $12 and is not at all worth it.  If you come from a culture where sex is a taboo then maybe you will enjoy this place but anyone from a western culture will find it boring.  90% of the signage is only korean and not much else to see or do inside.  If it's a rainy day and you have nothing to do then maybe this could be an option but even then I would say pick something else.  This museum has gone through some changes over the years and you will notice that the more recent reviews are pretty low where as the older reviews are better.  It used to be a much better place than it is now~~
interesting, lots of contents
lots of scultures, images, books, paintings, etc.i liked their garden filled with scultures. perfect place to take fun silly photos. lots of things to read but mostily in korean however there are many other things you could enjoy without text.little less entry fee would be good.
Waist of Money!
Not very Impressive.Lack of English.Expensive.In short Waist of time & money. You Wont Miss much.
Not bad but not amazing either
We visited this museum on a rainy day. I didn't expect much but was disappointed by the complete lack of English texts. Pretty much everything is in Korean, making it very difficult to learn something. What's left is staring at pictures of cleavage and cultural artifacts that highlight sexuality. Nothing new, I'm afraid! As it's also expensive compared to the other things you could visit, I'm not sure if I would recommend going here.
Funny on a rainy day
Don't expect to much. Lots of different cultural 'health' history. And watch out! Don't touch the african woodies on the second floor, they will fall off and you'll have to thrust it back in the hole... lets say its not the guggenheim but gets real close 😉You get 2 bugs discount pp from the free airport shuttle magazine. Almost all explanation is in Korean.
Open-minded, for adults only, lots of fun
If you're coming to Jeju, the sex museums (at least three or four of them) are worth exploring. It might be a bit of a turnoff that the first floor is mostly in Korean, but you probably didn't come here to read walls of text. Rated R to XXX in some places, and definitely not for kids.
Open-minded space ever
Pretty interesting theme park! All the sculptures displayed bluntly explain our sex life and culture. It is good to tAke photos with them and prohibited children from entering inside. Usually not crowded except special national holidays ir vacation season so whenever you could visit here freely.
Don't Shy ...
really didn't expect in such conservative country seeing this museum but making money is not easy so they made it . if u looking for fun experience and some kind of new pictures which probably can not share any where so go for it . when i visited place i met many old grand ma than young :D
Not worth the stop
Pricey and most displays were in Korean. Very hokey. Recommend the Love Park outside Jeju city instead.
Not much English
There was very little descriptions in English but just looking at the statues and pictures gave you a good enough idea. It was very quiet when I went and only saw a couple of other people. Would recommend it to anyone.
True "museum" with lots of historic stuff
Very interesting inside and out. The first floor is mostly modern about sexual preference, health and rights, but it is 95% in Korean. I would recommend to bring a Korean friend who doesn't mind translating if you are interested in that part. There was also a big wall of history at the very front which was all in Korean that would be worth translating. It wasn't very busy and some of the "hands on" things that would show examples were broken, so I started with a mediocre impression. The bigger and more impressive part, though, is the number of historic sexual things they have, on the second and third floor. Lots of artifacts about sex in Eastern cultures with some in Western cultures, but a lot of things have their English translation. This part is much more impressive and interesting to look at. A lot of phallic objects and "traditional" pieces, but it's historic, and that is how people viewed sex in history. The more modern section is more modernly-styled and was a bit confusing (a lot of sex dolls...? kind of weird) and included more fetish stuff than I expected. Not much on queer and non-hetero, there was a small section (in Korean) on the ground floor and then one very gray area display on the top floor, but not a whole lot can be expected of Korea (where homosexuality is still viewed very negatively). Overall it was worth the price and was pretty interesting to look at. Having a translator or understanding Korean would make it more memorable.
Adults Only
We walked through the Sex and Health Museum and took some crazy pictures!  It is a large museum with many different themed areas.  There is a sex education hall showing sexual positions, differences in male and female, pregnancy and more.  Other halls have sexual movies playing, displays of sexual cultures from all over the world, lifelike sex dolls and the craziest statues of things like a humongous penis.  Overall we enjoyed the museum, had many good humored laughs and got some funny pictures.
Worth the price of Admission
Very tasteful and informative. We were hesitant at first but figured we might as well take advantage of seeing what a sexually suppressed country could teach us :)The gift shop was a little lacking on museum related material and seemed to carry just local touristy items.
Somewhat disappointing but not terrible
Having been to the sex museum in China near Shanghai, I was somewhat disappointed by this one, mostly because I found it more biased and sexist than I would expect a museum to be.  It started out good with a fairly progressive and balanced presentation, albeit almost entirely in Korean, talking about sexual freedom and equity.  But the vast majority of displays were very...vanilla and heteronormative.  There was very little depiction or discussion of anything besides sex between one man and one woman.  Furthermore, the depictions of women and closeups of vaginas far outnumbered depictions of the male form, with many showing women in very submissive poses, such as on all fours and wearing a leash!  There were even a few instances where the English text accompanying a display used rather judgmental language, describing certain sex acts as "abnormal" or "depraved" which I found very shocking.  I think it's great that Korea, which is typically very conservative, has a museum about sex at all.  But to a more sexually progressive westerner, it will probably seem outdated and disappointing.  It's also hard to get to if you don't have a car.
unique and special place
It is worth for visiting.. but we unable to read korean words in some areas.... recommend to bring raincoat and umbrella in case weather changes because most of it are outdoor activities..
First floor display are all in korean
At 12usd per pax, and with the first floor being all in korean, we think it's a rip off... It's the first time we've been to such a museum, and we were quite disappointed to not be able to read a word of what they're saying. The second floor has english though, so it was slightly better... But 12usd... we wouldn't recommend people who do not understand korean to go...
Quite a special place
Asians are usually more conservative about this topic, so this is quite a special place in Asia, worth visiting!
No kids please
Visited the museum just for the fun of it, and was amused by some of the statues on display. Didn't think too much of it though so if this isn't on one of the must do's on your holiday list, you can probably skip it and not miss much.
FOR ADULTS
one of a kind museum... and it was weirdly funny in it's own way.. thankfully my son was asleep all the time... Sells kinky and "bachelor party" stuff... it was quite funny when you are with your friends!!
Not to be missed
Displays were fun and informative but not enough written in English.  There are some great photo opportunities with statues outside.  Entrance fee was a little more expensive than most other attractions.
General introduction to sex in views of culture, science and arts
Although most of the board and model displays are in Korean language, some are in English. It stresses on different cultures of sex, ranging from western, SE asian, chinese and japanese, Peru and Indian societies. Different sculptures from ancient to modern ages show the impact of sex to human life. Some erotic sceneries are shown but good to our sex education of adults and even kids! It tells us the pyschology, diseases, economical values and romantic features of sex, even the sex of the elderly people. It costs W12000 each for entry, taking you about 1 to 2 hours walk in the 2-storey hall. It is easy to get there by taxi or Jungmun Express Bus (JEB)from Jeju intercity bus terminal (or from Jeju Grand Hotel in Yeon-dong) of Jeju-si. If taking JEB, it costs W2500 for 45 minutes. You can take transit at Changcheon-ri and then take western round bus (towards Hwasun-ri direction, away from Jungmun Resort). Only soft creams and drinks are provided. The lovers are welcome to enjoy the sex knowledge there.If the museum has translations into English or Chinese, I'd give her 5 points!
Would be good if it was not predominantly Korean.
My girlfriend and I went for fun. It literally is like a museum. They have a bunch of statues outside, and inside there is a lot of information to explain themes relating to sex. There is two floors. The first floor is about different positions amongst a lot of other stuff. The whole first floor is almost exclusively written in Korean. Unless you can read Korean, I would skip it. The second floor does have English. I would only go if both floors have English. It is not for non-Korean speakers.
Best. Museum. Ever
There is so much going on with this place. Outrageous statues outside. A tittilating sign board, but once you get passed the cheesy exterior and the quasi-porn first section, this place is great.Fun, educational, sexy, gross; this place has it all. But be warned. There are elements of hardcore. Unless you think your family can handle the naked, pure unadulterated sexuality, do not come in.I was with my wife, and there is no one else I could have gone with. The best 2 hours ever. Just make sure you are not a prude.
Nice to see and touch :-)
If you think you know everything about sex then visiting this place is a must :-)The ticket is little pricey so take your time while in there
