An inspiring woman
We went to the memorial hall to see the exhibition on Kim Manduk after we visited a recreation of her travellers' in that is about 150m away.I have always admired Korea's efforts to recreate buildings and scenes fron the past that are both infirmative and interesting.The exhibit at the hall added to what we had learnt at the inn.What comes across from the information cards and exhibits was a woman dedicated to the service of others.Profit was never her main motive. Nor self-aggrandizement.We need more people like her today.
First Korean woman CEO in Chosun Dynasty who helped Jeju people.
Kim Mandeok Memorial.I really liked this place personally. I came to know of this woman, Kim Mandeok from this memorial museum. She was the first CEO woman in Chosun Dynasty, which was quite unusual especially as a woman. And when a famine came to Jeju, she helped people in Jeju. Because of the benevolent act, she was still remembered even now. Even a Korean drama dealt with her life. Her life is very exemplary and inspiring. You can find a fraction of Korean history here.
A MUST to visit if you are in Jeju. Only 3rd Floor for Ms. KIM Man Duk!
This is for the female Merchant who saved people in Jeju island 17,18 Century, Joseon dynasty. Very carefully and beautifully made. However, it is limited for 3rd floor. 2nd floor is for kids' experience museum. 1st floor is for some special exposition from time to time. It is FREE, worth to visit for an hour. It is located near by Jeju coastal international port and Dongmun traditional market. Actually from this market, exit/entrance #3, it is just 500 m away. In those times, people in Jeju island could not get out of the island, however, since she saved whole population in the island, The King Jungjo wanted to give a awards but she refused. Instead, she asked him she would love to visit the peninsular once, and wanted to travel in Diamond mountain(located in North Korea now). So she could get the chance to meet the King and travel inland. Under the Patriarchal system, it must be very hard for her to work as a merchant, but became the most rich person in Jeju, then when there was big famine, she released whole rice and food for free to Jeju people. Any way, it was great fun to enjoy each section from her birth to death. All explanation are in English and in Korean both.
