Long, well-established trails with beautiful views
Climbed the Seongpanak trail (9.7 km) going up, which took us 4 hours and 47 minutes 😁 including rest and photobreak... This trail is longer than Gwaneumsa trail.. Started with a kinda "walk-in-the-park" trail in the forest for few kilometers.. We saw wild deer and crows.. Then, the trail became challenging and more difficult towards the peak.. Unfortunately when we reached the peak, it had very low visibility and was very windy... We were not able to see the crater 😞 because it was covered with thick fog/cloud...
Long but mostly flat trail
Seongpanak Trail is about 9.7 km to and from the parking lot.  Few kilometers from the summit was easy with boardwalk paths and steps.  There was a three kilometer stretch of snow covered trails that made the descent quite stressful though.  Once the snow covered area was cleared, it was a long but relatively flat walk rest of the way which my knees were thankful for.
gorgeous views, but hard ascend
the views were beautiful from above, but had slightly hard time getting there. we enjoyed our time there
Short and pleasant climb
There are several trails to various peaks of Hallasan. Travelling with family and limited time, we only hiked one of the shorter trails i.e. Eorimok. The 1.3 km trail begins where the car park is. From the car park, it is only a 300 meter hike uphill and you are at the top (the lower peak). Being December, there is already snow (or frost?) at the peak. Magical... Oh, and we took a public bus from Jeju bus terminal which costs us less than KRW 2,000 per person, and the park entrance is free. You only pay for parking if you drive there
Challenging Hike
We took bus 182 early morning reached there around 7.30am and started to hike about 8am. It's good to bring hiking stick as there are lots of steps up, with a hiking stick it's easier to move up the rocky paths. It was very cold at the mountain so it's good to wear in layers and can remove the jackets if it gets too warm during the hike. We managed to reach Saraoreum shelter before 12pm where we ate and took a break before moving on to the summit. After 12pm no one is allowed to move on up to the summit from the shelter as it gets dark very early during winter time. We reached the summit just before 1.30pm. The ranger already chasing people to get down. It was very cold and windy at the top and it started to drizzle. So it's important to bring a raincoat too. I could'nt get a good view as it was very foggy and windy. We did'nt get some rest and started to descend. It took a long while to descend too as the path is very rocky and slippery. Lucky i have my hiking stick with me. Half way down it started to get dark we needed to use our handphones as touch light to guide us down the path. Very happy we are all able to reach the summit. It's a nice experience.
Peak of happiness
My wife and I ascended Mount Hallasan in April. While it was cool in the morning, we soon had to tie our sweatshirts around our waist. We weren't sweating as much but we're winded trekking 9.6 kms. While that distance may seem daunting, the Seonpanak trail was not too difficult, even for non-trekkers like us. There are steps and wooden walkways but in parts you have to tread carefully as it gets rocky. The difficulty level steadily increases as you move upwards. But if you take little breaks and keep proceeding, your effort will be rewarded with breath taking views from the peak. Well, the Crater lake didn't match our expectations or the pictures we saw online as it had dried up. However, we were well above the cloud level and there were green and brown hills as far as the eye could see. A word of caution - there are no sources of water on the way up (although it says there's portable water at the half point) and no shops once you start the trek. So carry energy drinks and bars, at least 3-4 big bottles of water (per person) and Jeju oranges. You can get all this from the shop at the base, at the start of the trail. Go on, enjoy your trek and discover pine trees, maples trees, black Chipmunks and much more
extreme hike
This is really a challenging hike for me, but it's worth the time and effort. I'm so happy I reached the summit !!!
explore nature
this is a wonderful nature trail with breathtaking view. One of the best places to visit while in Jeju.
Finally! One thing off from my Bucket list
Hiking Mt. Halla was on my bucket list for a long time and finally i did it. There is a time restriction and you cannot enter the gate before 6:00 am during the winter time. You have to pass 'Jindalaebat Shelter' before 12:00 pm to continuously hike up to the summit. The park keeper will not let up pass the gate of Jindalaebat if you arrive after the noon. It took about 2 or 3 hours to get to Jindalaebat from Seongpanak gate, and another 2 or 3 hours to get to the summit. It took me 4 hours to get to the Baekrokdam, and took another 5 hours to get down to Gwaneumsa temple. I highly recommend to hike from Seongpanak because it is easier to walk and you are too tired to look around. Then, walk down to Gwaneumsa direction which has a really good view and nature. (Gwaneumsa route is shorter, but definitely harder...super stiff)You will see many people lining up to take a photo with a monument, and I didn't understand why people want to take a photo with just a rock. I learned that you will get a certification of Mt. Hallasan hiking if you show the picture with the monument. All you need to do is go to the ticket office, pay 1,000 KRW and show the picture. I've seen many people hiking with sneakers, but I recommend wearing hiking boots since you have to walk on rocks for 8~9 hours. I heard that you need to be luck to see the summit because Hallasan is always foggy and cloudy. I was lucky and weather was just amazing!! I also heard that it is slightly easier to hike when it snows. There are buses that you can use and I strongly recommend hiking Mt. Halla!!!!!!!
Great Hike up Hallasan ....but please take note of my advice!
This was a really enjoyable hike up the highest mountain in South Korea @ 1950m, and I recommend it as a great experience of the outdoors and physical activity.  However I saw a lot of people (both locals and foreigners) struggling with various aspects so please take note of the following points:WEATHER:  If you have the flexibility of several days from which to select, review the weather in advance and aim to choose the best day.....otherwise for example you may have no views when you emerge from the trees and at the summit.TIME, PACE & TIME-LIMITS:  This is a long hike, 19.2km round trip to be exact or about 12 miles, but is a relatively gentle incline.  The general consensus in many reviews is that it should take 10 hours total including breaks and lunch.  I would consider myself slightly above average fitness and took 6 hours total, however being solo it makes a difference because I could walk at my own brisk pace and take breaks (typically quite short 5-10 mins) when I wanted.  There are 2 shelters (with toilets) on the route located at approx 4km and 7km, and it's very important to note that for safety reasons they do not allow anyone past the second shelter (which is 2.3km from the summit) AFTER 13-00 HRS, no exceptions.  Furthermore everyone must depart the summit to start descending by 14-30 HRS latest.  I did come across quite people between the 2 shelters who appeared to be rushing to make the 13-00 deadline.  This is not recommended because either you could push yourself too hard and get exhausted, or get injured walking on the rocks, or simply miss the deadline.  FOOTWEAR:  At minimum bring sturdy training or trekking shoes, preferably hiking boots to provide ankle support. Some sections of the hike are on hessian mats and wooden walk ways which of course are very nice to walk on, however probably 30% or more is on large volcanic rocks which are not comfortable to walk on and requires some focus and concentration (especially descending when your legs are tired).  I was surprised to see some walking in sandals and they suffered.  A walking stick can be helpful but is not essential.DAYPACK:  Bring a small daypack to carry water, snacks, clothes etc and to keep your hands free.  Even in summer bring a light jacket or sweater because it can get cool at the top with the wind and elevation.  In Winter I'm sure it's really cold at the summit.PROTECTION:  Bring a hat for the higher elevations (when not in the forest), sun cream and lip balm.HYDRATION/SNACKS:  There is reportedly a source of mountain water half way up but personally I did not see it near the sign, and staff at one of the shelters advised me that no water is available.  Hence suggest that you bring at least 3-4 bottles of water or isotonic drink in your day pack per person (maybe 1.5 to 2 litres), and be sure to conserve it wisely because you'll need some on the way down.  I encountered some people on the way up who had no water left.  Muesli bars, chocolate and fruit are good sources of energy.  As well as fruit, the locals tend to pack rice & meat lunches and have communal picnics at the summit.TRANSPORT:  I used a rental car and got there early, before 8am.  The car park was already full and people started parking on both sides of the main road, which is allowed.  The bus stops are right there beside the car park for those using public transport.CERTIFICATE:   There is small office hidden away near the Seongpanak car park which will print your name on a nice certificate for 1000 Won. (US$1).IN SUMMARY: Please take the time to prepare properly and get there reasonably early so that you can enjoy the hike at your own pace.  During the walk I saw several deer, lots of beautiful butterflies and other insects and loved the great views ....Jeju is covered in 300+ volcanic cones so its amazing to see all of these.  HAVE A GREAT DAY ON HALLASAN!
Short and pleasant climb
There are several trails to various peaks of Hallasan. Travelling with family and limited time, we only hiked one of the shorter trails i.e. Eorimok. The 1.3 km trail begins where the car park is. From the car park, it is only a 300 meter hike uphill and you are at the top (the lower peak). Being December, there is already snow (or frost?) at the peak. Magical... Oh, and we took a public bus from Jeju bus terminal which costs us less than KRW 2,000 per person, and the park entrance is free. You only pay for parking if you drive there
Long, well-established trails with beautiful views
Climbed the Seongpanak trail (9.7 km) going up, which took us 4 hours and 47 minutes 😁 including rest and photobreak... This trail is longer than Gwaneumsa trail.. Started with a kinda "walk-in-the-park" trail in the forest for few kilometers.. We saw wild deer and crows.. Then, the trail became challenging and more difficult towards the peak.. Unfortunately when we reached the peak, it had very low visibility and was very windy... We were not able to see the crater 😞 because it was covered with thick fog/cloud...
Long but mostly flat trail
Seongpanak Trail is about 9.7 km to and from the parking lot.  Few kilometers from the summit was easy with boardwalk paths and steps.  There was a three kilometer stretch of snow covered trails that made the descent quite stressful though.  Once the snow covered area was cleared, it was a long but relatively flat walk rest of the way which my knees were thankful for.
Here's what you need to know before you go...
I've climbed Hallasan twice now, once in December and once in early March, and both times I took this route. This route is slightly longer than Gwaneumsa, but it's also a gradual incline with several easy portions. I took this route primarily because there is not a lot of public transportation available to/from the Gwaneumsa trail, plus I'm not sure I can do a steep incline the entire way up to the summit. For Seongpanak, you have about 5 km that are easy, 2.5 km that get harder, and then a pretty brutal last 2 km. Regardless, know that there are other hiking trails around the island and even around the volcano, but only the two mentioned above will lead you all the way up to the summit.Given some of the reviews I saw that are either inaccurate or not very helpful, I hope to compile a quick list to help you decide if this is something you want to do and if so, what you will need:1) It's definitely going to be an all-day kind of thing. You will be tired afterward, so you likely won't want to schedule too many other activities for the evening. Also, it's likely that you will be sore and tired the next day or two. 2) You need to start climbing no later than 8:30 AM. As several people have mentioned, you will not be allowed to access the last chunk of the way if you're not at the second shelter by 12:30 PM (this is winter time, so the schedule varies slightly from season to season... always check the Korean tourism sites).3) Even if it's sunny, there's a chance you might need crampons. In the winter months you will need them for sure, but even last weekend people were sliding down and falling repeatedly without them. I hear that it's even worse on the Gwaneumsa trail since it's a lot more shielded from the sunshine. 4) Bring food and water! The only place you can buy something is at the very beginning of the trail, and even then the options aren't fantastic. A little protein or fruit will go a long way whenever you're starting to feel tired, and it'll help you push through. Please make sure you do not leave any of your trash along the way; there are zero trashcans, so if you carry something particularly messy, you might want to pack a bag for the waste.5) Do not use the toilet in the first shelter! It's the worst smelling bathroom ever, which is rare for Korea since things are usually so clean... I suppose it's the septic system. I suggest using the toilets at the parking lot and at the last shelter (there are two). The first one is seriously a nightmare. 6) It's not an easy hike, but it's doable even for people who don't exercise strenuously. I've seen people carrying babies all the way to the top, and I've seen small children and old people make it, too. Definitely wear the right clothing, though, and especially the right shoes. If you're hiking at a time without snow, you will spend hours circumventing rocks of all sizes and ankle support will be extremely helpful for this. Anyway, thanks for reading, I hope you have a fantastic hike!
The best track to climb mount hallasan
This is the best track if you are planning to climb mount hallasan. From Jeju you take bus number 780 to Mount hallasan. Cost of taxi is around KRW17,000. To reach on the top of the mountain, it takes 4 hours. There are a lot of facilities on the way to Mount Hallasan such as toilet and place to sleep.
Incredible must do. Strenuous and difficult walk. Be prepared and also be prepared to be sore.
We did the Gwaneumsa trail up Mount Hallasan to the peak and back is over 18 miles round trip, over 3500 feet of climbing and then descending it. But it's worth it. I offer only a few points of advice. It is tougher, 800m longer, but more scenic than the Seongpanak trail. To find the Gwanmeusa trail entrance parking lot, plug in the number for the Unesco Hallasa Gwaneumsa Office: +82-64-756-9950 (you only need the last 7 digits on Jeju GPS systems if driving).1) Be prepared with good hiking and walking shoes. We saw two shoes blow out, one about 2.5 hours in. The poor guy had to walk back. There is no rescue if this happens. Also, a girl's shoe blew out on the way down about 3/4 way down, it still nearly 1.5 hours to the end depending on how slow you go. I will discuss in #3 why good shoes are so important.2) Go early, and go slow if you are not in shape or do not do activities often. Hallasan is definitely attainable by nearly anyone but it is tough, very tough because of the steep steps. Unless you are in shape and do many physical activities all the time, I recommend starting at 6AM. You MUST be at Samgakbong shelter by 12:30PM otherwise they will turn you around. It is 3/4 way up the climb. From here it is another 2 hours to the peak of the Halla.3. The volcanic stone paths and the stairs will make your legs very very tired and your feet sore. I believe they made Gwanmeusa trail challenging with rocks on purpose. These are not small rocks, they are big ones that challenge each step. Walking sticks are highly recommended. The stones seem pretty and authentic until halfway up then they are tough. Then on the way down, each step seems like a sadistic joke played by the planners. Eventually you will be relieved to make it to the bottom to your car or bus.4. Be prepared for wind. We got lucky and it was warm the day we went... in fact low warm temperatures will seem even warmer due to humidity about 1/2 the time up the mountain and back. It is a little cooler and windier at the top. Wear light, polyester clothing in layers. long sleeve tech shirt, with light jacket and light rain cover. You should be OK. Gloves and hat or scarves during cooler time. Very light during summer due to heat and humidity.After you get down on Gwanmeusa trail, there is a small restaurant with Korean snacks like pajeon and gimbap, as well as a 7/11 next door. Drink some local mokkoli or soju with with the hot snacks/food! We had a great time. Only 20 minutes out Jeju City when there is no traffic. However with rush hour traffic, or busy time it takes about 45 minutes to get back into Jeju City.
A rewarding hike
One of the most popular trails in Hallasan National Park.To get here, take bus 781 from Jeju City. The fare was 1 800 KRW (the driver can give change). The journey is about 40 minutes. The stops are announced in English. The stop is Seongpanak.Set out early as you have reach Jindallaebat shelter by 1 pm in summer (12 pm in winter). Otherwise you wouldn't be allowed to reach the summit.The trail is 9,6 km long (one way), about 4,5 hours without breaks. The trail is in some parts very ROCKY so good hiking shoes and walking holes are strongly recommended. Don't worry you wouldn't climb alone. A lot of Korean will be faster than you.The view on the summit is well worth and rewarding.Bring water and sun block.You can buy a certificate for 1 000 KRW.
Great Hike up Hallasan ....but please take note of my advice!
This was a really enjoyable hike up the highest mountain in South Korea @ 1950m, and I recommend it as a great experience of the outdoors and physical activity.  However I saw a lot of people (both locals and foreigners) struggling with various aspects so please take note of the following points:WEATHER:  If you have the flexibility of several days from which to select, review the weather in advance and aim to choose the best day.....otherwise for example you may have no views when you emerge from the trees and at the summit.TIME, PACE & TIME-LIMITS:  This is a long hike, 19.2km round trip to be exact or about 12 miles, but is a relatively gentle incline.  The general consensus in many reviews is that it should take 10 hours total including breaks and lunch.  I would consider myself slightly above average fitness and took 6 hours total, however being solo it makes a difference because I could walk at my own brisk pace and take breaks (typically quite short 5-10 mins) when I wanted.  There are 2 shelters (with toilets) on the route located at approx 4km and 7km, and it's very important to note that for safety reasons they do not allow anyone past the second shelter (which is 2.3km from the summit) AFTER 13-00 HRS, no exceptions.  Furthermore everyone must depart the summit to start descending by 14-30 HRS latest.  I did come across quite people between the 2 shelters who appeared to be rushing to make the 13-00 deadline.  This is not recommended because either you could push yourself too hard and get exhausted, or get injured walking on the rocks, or simply miss the deadline.  FOOTWEAR:  At minimum bring sturdy training or trekking shoes, preferably hiking boots to provide ankle support. Some sections of the hike are on hessian mats and wooden walk ways which of course are very nice to walk on, however probably 30% or more is on large volcanic rocks which are not comfortable to walk on and requires some focus and concentration (especially descending when your legs are tired).  I was surprised to see some walking in sandals and they suffered.  A walking stick can be helpful but is not essential.DAYPACK:  Bring a small daypack to carry water, snacks, clothes etc and to keep your hands free.  Even in summer bring a light jacket or sweater because it can get cool at the top with the wind and elevation.  In Winter I'm sure it's really cold at the summit.PROTECTION:  Bring a hat for the higher elevations (when not in the forest), sun cream and lip balm.HYDRATION/SNACKS:  There is reportedly a source of mountain water half way up but personally I did not see it near the sign, and staff at one of the shelters advised me that no water is available.  Hence suggest that you bring at least 3-4 bottles of water or isotonic drink in your day pack per person (maybe 1.5 to 2 litres), and be sure to conserve it wisely because you'll need some on the way down.  I encountered some people on the way up who had no water left.  Muesli bars, chocolate and fruit are good sources of energy.  As well as fruit, the locals tend to pack rice & meat lunches and have communal picnics at the summit.TRANSPORT:  I used a rental car and got there early, before 8am.  The car park was already full and people started parking on both sides of the main road, which is allowed.  The bus stops are right there beside the car park for those using public transport.CERTIFICATE:   There is small office hidden away near the Seongpanak car park which will print your name on a nice certificate for 1000 Won. (US$1).IN SUMMARY: Please take the time to prepare properly and get there reasonably early so that you can enjoy the hike at your own pace.  During the walk I saw several deer, lots of beautiful butterflies and other insects and loved the great views ....Jeju is covered in 300+ volcanic cones so its amazing to see all of these.  HAVE A GREAT DAY ON HALLASAN!
Not an easy hike, but worth the challenge
TLDR:Long hike, not that easy if you're not fit. 8-9 hours, 19.6km in total.Bring at least 3L of water each. They do sell water at the checkpoint, though only in 600ml bottles.Wear shoes with good sole and ankle protectionConsider taking a small towel (or two) to wipe away sweatBring a warm jumper and possibly a clean, dry shirt. Even in summer it's cold at the topStart the hike before 8.30am if you want to reach the peak because if you don't make it past the checkpoint at around 7km in, before 12.30pm, you won't be allowed to go to the peak.Bring a plastic bag for your rubbish because there are no bins at all on the hikeFor those who want moreRemember that this hike is longer than an average work day and you will need to replace water lost through sweat. Pack around 3L of water per person. Also pack some protein and carbohydrate heavy snacks such as nuts and dried fruits to keep up your energy levels. If you sweat a lot, consider bringing an electrolyte drink sachet to use halfway (or buy a can of Pocari sweat at the checkpoint). At the checkpoint, you can buy instant noodles, 600mL water bottles and Pocari sweat. If you don't want noodles for lunch, bring lunch. But keep in mind it's cold at the top so some warm noodles can be perfect. The noodles are a bit spicy though, so if you don't like spicy food, maybe bring your own lunch. There are absolutely 0 facilities for heating or preparing food. They won't even give you hot water for any noodles you don't purchase from them. Also there are no rubbish bins on the entire hike so you'll need to bring a plastic bag to carry out your own rubbish. The toilets are pretty gross and may or may not have toilet paper so consider bringing tissues. Also the toilets generally have no sinks, so bring some hand sanitiser gel.A small towel or two to wipe away your sweat wouldn't go astray, and a warm coat/jacket and clean, dry shirt will make your time at the peak much more comfortable (addressed in a later section).We took the 781 bus from Jeju city hall at around 6.55am. We arrived at the Seongpanak stop around 7.25am.Make sure you give yourself enough time to get to the Jindallae Shelter (checkpoint around 7km into the hike) before 12.30pm. If you don't make it to the shelter before 12.30pm you will not be allowed to continue up to the peak. It's very disappointing, I'm sure, to hike for 7km, hoping to see the peak and then be told you can't go because you missed the 12.30 deadline. I can't stress this enough. At the shelter, we heard some Americans complaining that they had missed the deadline by 24 minutes (they had started the hike at 10.30am) and that there was no information available on the trail or online about this rule. They were wrong on two counts- there are at least 5 signs along the trail up to the shelter stating that you need to pass by 12.30pm (in English). Also there are a number of blogs about this hike online which also talk about the rule. Now we started at around 7.30am and made it to the shelter by 10am, but we didn't stop to rest at all before the shelter. The walk up to the shelter is 90% easy level with gentle slopes and a few short harsher sections. If you are fit enough to contemplate doing a 19.4km hike then this section should be fine for you. If you start the hike around 8.30am, you will have no issues making it to the checkpoint in time and you should make it back to the bottom by 6/6.30pm. Earlier if you don't rest too long and are relatively fit.Note: there are several places that you can stop to rest just after the shelter. If you are running close to the 12.30pm deadline, just get past the shelter and then stop to rest once you've gone past. Just make sure you don't rest too long because you've probably got another 5-6 hours before you get back to the end of the trail including the rest of the walk to the peak, and you don't want it to get dark or have to rush on the way down.The next section after the shelter is graded as 'normal' by the signs along the route. This section does have a few challenging sections but also some easier stretches as well. If you have regular short rests then it's manageable for people of minimal to moderate fitness with some huffing and puffing.The last 1-1.5km of the walk to the peak is where it starts to get difficult. By this stage you've already hiked uphill around 8km and for probably 3-3.5 hours. The way to the peak is hundreds and hundreds of stairs often with many oddly shaped rocks to navigate around whilst traversing increasingly steep steps. If you're not super fit then you will struggle on this section. At one point we were setting ourselves goals to make it up 3 sets of staircases before we would rest for 1 minute then start again. But the important point is you are so close to the top now, so just keep pushing.The top can be quite crowded. We made it by around 11.30am and hung around for about 30mins to take photos and admire the view. My next piece of advice is- bring a warm jumper because the wind is cold up there and if you're anything like me, you will be sweaty which makes the wind even colder. Another point: if you're a sweaty person, consider bringing an extra dry/warm shirt (or two) with you to change into at the top (and possibly on the way back down). If you're prone to sweat a lot, this can make a huge difference to your enjoyment at the peak because you will by dry and warm. Your photos won't look so sweaty either. Make sure you take a picture of all members of your party with the peak stone marker or the crater to prove that you reached the top.Keep in mind that the way back down can take longer than the way up because you are now passing many people on their way up and going down is very hard on your already exhausted legs and feet. It can take 4-5 hours to get back down from the peak. We started going down at 12pm and made it to the bottom by 4pm, but we stopped several times.The path is quite narrow so on your way down, you will have to stop to let people pass in the other direction many times (unless it's significantly past the 12.30pm deadline, in which case everyone will be going down). The section between the peak and the checkpoint is very hard on your feet and legs. It will feel like forever but just remember that the track gets gradually easier and gentler the closer you are to the end. Stop at the checkpoint for lunch if you haven't already had it, or you feel like some hot noodles to warm you up.Keep on all the way down, being very careful not to slip. There are many rocks and if they are slightly wet, they are very slippery. Eventually you'll make it to the bottom. Then you can take your photographic evidence of reaching the peak to the little tourist office and for 1000 won each, you'll get a certificate saying that you reached the 1950m summit of Mt Hallasan. Congratulations!Sore feet and legs and weary bodies, you can catch the 782 bus back to Jeju city for a well earned rest.
Mt Hallasan Hike
Suggest to start early, before 7am. We started at 7am, and managed to reach the summit before 1pm, but had to descend before 1.30pm. Took a total of 10 hours, up and down. If I can do the hike, anybody else can too, for a once-in-a-lifetime experience. Remember to do proper warm-up before starting and bring along enough water to hydrate yourself. Proper hiking shoes are important and hiking sticks are definitely helpful.
Nearly a 5 star..
Before you visit this attraction, be sure to be appropriately dressed and have the essential gear.  Hiking boots are highly recommended as the ground is uneven and mostly rock.  Sun hat and shades will also be very useful when nearing the peak as the area there is more barren without much trees.  Trekking pole will also be useful for those with knee problems.You will have to start your day early as they will disallow entry to the final stretch (at the 2nd rest point).  There are 2 rest points, both with toilets.  The 2nd rest point (higher up) sells drinks and instant bowl noodles.  Rubbish will have to be brought down and thrown when you leave the park.  I climbed in early June and there were many many many bugs and wasps at the last leg and the peak.  For those climbing during spring, please prepare some bug balm.  These are the tips;1) Start early, reach the 2nd rest stop before 12pm.  2) Have the proper gear3) If possible, have your noodles etc after you finish the peak (if you're descending via the same trail), that way, you won't have to carry your trash up the peak4) If you're driving, reach there early (before 730).  Carpark fills up pretty quick5) A mineral spring can be found along the way for cool refreshing water!
That was a waste of a day
In Jeju for couple of days and thought it would be a good idea to do the hike.nearly 20 km up and down mostly steps which were not in the best condition was not the best thing to do on your only off day there. I hate steps and hated the whole trip up and down. There was ok view from the top but 20km for that does not worth it...
A hard Trail but a good souvenir
Coming from Seogwipo by the bus 782 ( return by 781) we have decided to do this Trail because it begins  immediatly on the parking. It was Tuesday and the trail is really quiet (we cross less than 20  runners in allday). You need to have goods shoes because we need to walk on volcanic stones. For climbing it is ok, but with small shoes in the descente it is hard to finish. 95 % of the Times you walk in a wet Forest and it is Nice ... I Climb to the Observatory ( about 6 kms) because of you arrive after 1 pm they close the Trail for the Hallansan. Well I was not disapointed because the weather was cloudy ... So the Montain was invisible. Even if it is a difficult climbing I have spent a good day on the nature ( and was happy to have some rains to refresh). Don t forget to take water with you, the spot "potable water" .. I don t find Where I can take it. Arriving at 12, we finish a 5 pm.
A great day out if you're a hill-walker
We found the reviews here very useful for preparing ourselves for the ascent so I'm contributing my own, hoping that others will find it equally helpful!   I'd say that it's a simple ascent for those already used to hill walks and there's no way one can lose the path, as it's between ropes or handrails all the way.  The path surface is mainly made of railway sleeper type large wooden beams and rocks which provide good terrain when dry.  However, for our descent it was raining and slippery and we were constantly bracing ourselves for a slip caused by the crowds - beware those with spikey walking poles! - descending more quickly than we were!  Our ascent to the peak took a leisurely 3 1/4 hours so we were delighted, although we weren't rewarded with any views but the sense of achievement and relief was great!  Our descent took 3 3/4 hours and sometimes my pace felt a little faster than comfortable, as had to concentrate so hard on each footstep placing. It looked as if some sections of the path near the summit have been replaced fairly recently, as we found it to be in good condition and not like the experience of other reviewers - and that was a relief!  I'm very glad that I wore my walking boots to protect my ankles, as the rocks are uneven and a few are slightly unstable.  So, short, if you're fit and used to hill-walking, you have nothing to fear but if you're not usually very active, then give yourself a plan B e.g. opting for the side-path to Sara Oreum if you realise, by the junction with the path off to that (round trip 40mins) that you're struggling.  That would mean that you'd still have the great satisfaction of a spectacular view from Korea's highest mountain but without the stress of having had to climb - and descend! - the 1200 metres from the bus stop to the peak!  Make sure you have enough layers of clothes and a good hat and gloves for the summit and descent, as, at this time of year, you'll definitely need them.  Oh, and if you're looking at the frequent posts with figures on alongside the path and which start with a '1' at the bottom which then progress to '2' etc, the peak is '36'.  Hoping you find this as helpful as we found other reviews!
The highest peak in South Korea
I took 281 busfrom Jeju Intercity Terminal at 6.24 am cost 1200 won. Get off at Seongpanak stop, approx 50 minutes. It took me about 4 hours to the top.As I did hiking on Jun, it was hot at the top. Take photo at the top as a evidence that you reached at the top so that you could get a certificate for 1000 won.I brought 1 liter of bottle water and four buns. It was okay for me.Running shoes is okay.I walked down the Gwaneumsa trail.You have to step on different size of rocks.I finished my hiking at about 4pm.If you want to go back to Jeju Intercity terminal, take 475 bus from Gwaneumsa to Sancheondan Altar 1,200 won and switch to bus 281 to Jeju Intercity Terminal.
Our descending trail
We ascended via Gwaneumsa trail and descended via the Seongpanak trail as it is easier on the knees. Another advantage is that at the entrance/exit of Seongpanak, there is a bus stop back to Jeju city or Seogwipo. Our initial plan was to take a cab back to Jeju city. Surprisingly there wasn’t any cab around. Not sure if it is due to low peak season in December. We took bus 281 to Jeju city bus terminal, fare 1150 won, journey about 40 mins.
Tough but rewarding hike!
This is my first ever hike and it was a real learning experience. Make sure to bring proper hiking shoes as the trail is VERY rocky and it can be easy to lose your footing and hurt your ankles. Walking stick is useful for the decent because it is MURDER on the knees. Coming down was much harder for me than going up. The view of Jeju at the top is amazing. But it was really crowded and I felt that the lake itself was a bit of a letdown looking like it was half drained... But overall, great hike and it's a good hike for first-timers! Bonus: I got to see a baby deer!
Hard but worth it
My friend and I took the 781-1 bus there from Jeju intercity terminal at 6.40am, cost 1800W. Get off at the Seongpanak stop, approx 30-40mins. We were happy to find that the walking is free and we got a good map (incl english) from the counter where you pay for parking (which we didnt need to pay for given we got the bus). It took us 4 hours (incl breaks) to get to the top. It's well sign posted and there is some food and drink at the stop before the top. I'm usually a solo female traveller and it would be totally fine to do on your own as it's so busy and we'll marked. Footwear ranged from Converse (!!!) to sneakers to full on tramping boots. We wore sneakers and were fine but if you have weak ankles, sensitive feet, or its wet then I'd wear boots. Take a wind breaker as the summit has a cold wind, otherwise casual walking gear was sufficient for us in Oct. We walked down the Gwaneumsa track which was great as there were hardly any people and much better views, it's also 1km shorter. On sat/sun/public holidays there is bus from Gwaneumsa every 50 mins (the timetable is in korean on the side of the parking lot entrance pay station booth) but as we were there mid week, we just walked 3.7km to the nearest bus stop (facing the road/with your back to the track exit, turn right on the main road and just follow the road to the main junction then turn left to the nearest bus stop). This was ok as we had already walked so far, it was only another few km, and it is all downhill, the only dodgy part is that you're walking along a road with not much of a shoulder to walk on when cars fly past. But, don't be afraid of Gwaneumsa! Bus from there to Jeju is 1200W. A long and tiring day but definitely worth it.
Long walk but worth it for the views!
We were dropped by a taxi at the beginning of the Seongpanak trail (a little way up the volcano), but you can catch the bus there if you prefer and there is a bus stop right near the entrance. The track is 9.6km (19.2km return), and took us about 6 hours return walking at a medium pace, including breaks at Sokbat shelter (4.1kms up - toilet facilities only) and at Jindallaebat shelter (7.3kms up - toilet and small kiosk). We had initially wanted to walk up the Gwaneumsa trail and then down the Seongpanak one, but were too tired to get up before 6am to achieve it in one day. Walking the Seongpanak trail up and down was a great experience in itself, even though it is apparently not as scenic as others. But, because it's one of the easier ones, it is packed with tourists, most of whom are not seasoned walkers, so be prepared for being held up a fair bit (and witnessing some pretty avoidable but hilarious injuries!).The trail is quite an easy one in comparison to other hikes we have done - no really steep bits or actual climbing - more of a gentle incline, with boardwalks in parts, dirt paths and as you get higher, rough rocky paths. The only strenuous thing about the trail is that it is long… It will take you all day, and you have to start early so you reach the Jindallaebat shelter before a certain hour (changes depending on the season, but in September it was 12:30pm) or the ranger won't let you continue - for obvious reasons, there's no lighting at night to climb back down, so he doesn't want to come and find stupidly lost tourists! You can check the times on the official Hallasan website. You don't really need proper hiking boots/other equipment for this hike (we did it in light walking shoes), but if you have weak ankles I would probably recommend wearing hiking boots with ankle support, especially for the walk back down the rocky paths. Take plenty of water and snacks - don't rely on the shelters like the Koreans do, they may sell out/be extremely busy, and you have to get to Jindallaebat by 12:30! We just bought some muesli bars, fruit, WATER and energy drinks like gatorade/powerade at a 7/11 before we left Jeju city in the morning, and were almost the only ones who had thought ahead! On the way back down, the Jindallaebat shelter will be quieter, so it's the perfect opportunity to then buy some of their hot ramen noodles or a chocolate bar. I would also recommend bringing a light rain jacket, and a waterproof backpack/cover for your backpack - it showers sporadically within the fog. I also took a plastic bag to put my camera in to keep it dry.When we began our walk, it was quite chilly at the entrance and the local walkers laughed at us wearing shorts - but by the time you get a few kilometres in, you'll be stripping off layers of clothing, so totally wear shorts if you want to - it's quite warm in the sun on the summit, so everyone will be peeling off their layers anyway! There was a thick fog hanging low over the volcano for about 2/3 of the walk, so it's a bit muggy, but the side of the mountain is lush and green, an eerily quiet forest. As you get higher, suddenly you notice you're climbing above the fog - feels like you've popped out above the clouds, on top of the world! The last part of the track is quite windy, and you can see how the wind has beaten its wooden steps, which are strewn everywhere. Be careful in the last part and beware pushy tourists! But, once you get to the summit, at Dongneung Peak (no facilities on the summit, by the way), the view is breathtakingly beautiful - like nothing I've ever seen before! The crater when we were there was overgrown with vegetation, with a small crater lake. Such a wonderful experience, and most definitely a highlight of our trip to South Korea! You must hike Hallasan during your stay at Jeju-do!
Winter wonderland - a climb in December
I am a complete beginner to mountain climbing but was there thankfully with an experienced climber. We took a taxi from jeju city to Seongpanak visitor centre and the journey costs around 20,000 krw and approx 40 min. I was there on 7 December after a snowy night, and the trails were covered in snow. Poles, proper hiking shoes and crampons are absolute necessity as the snowy paths were hard to walk.  Gwaneumsa, the popular trail for descent after reaching the crater summit, was closed that day as the snowy trail was too dangerous, so it was pretty rough to get up while people are trying to get down. Especially since the trail was already made quite narrow by the snow. However, the view is great and it's like a winter wonderland all the way up. The last stretch to the crater summit was hard for a complete beginner like me. It was however considered easy for seasoned hiker like my friend. On the whole a great experience and certainly worth the trouble for the views but would recommend complete beginners like me to do some training before getting up. The rest stops are well stocked and constant announcements were made (in Korean only) to keep the hikers moving up before the gate closes at 12 pm and down before it's gets dark. Note: we were staying in Jeju city before the climb and the weather was grim with lots of rain. The weather on Hallasan was however completely different. Sunny and pleasant for climbing.  Be sure to check the weather forecast on Hallasan and not Jeju!
gorgeous views, but hard ascend
the views were beautiful from above, but had slightly hard time getting there. we enjoyed our time there
explore nature
this is a wonderful nature trail with breathtaking view. One of the best places to visit while in Jeju.
Tough but rewarding hike
I hadn’t hiked in years, but thought I’d give it a try at a friend’s suggestion. I dressed in layers as the weather was still cold, but knew I’d get warm on the climb up. I didn’t use crampons and there was only a small amount of ice in some places, it was easy to avoid. I did use poles, which I’ve never used before, but was thankful to have them, especially on the way down. The terrain was rocky, but there are lots of stairs and ropes as you reach the summit. It was much colder at the summit and the view was clearer than I expected. The crater is impressive. I did see a deer and a couple red squirrels. The hike down was much more difficult. My legs were in so much pain by the end of the day. Bring lots of food and water. Many people have picnics at the summit. I arrived to the trailhead by taxi and found a taxi at the trailhead when finished. I had to wait around a bit for a taxi to show up.
beautiful view
this is one of the 2 trails that leads to the peak of Hallasan. beautiful view especially the last 2-3 km stretch towards the peak. Try going on both trails as they have different views.
Long trail
Long trail relatively easy.. specially the first 4 KM .. are flat basically The rest is a hit steepThey will give u a certificate if u take a picture up for 1000 wanBring ur own food.  And water.. In the winter wear ur gears as its super sleepery dont go with out gears i went in april. . And in the last 1/3 of the road i slipped and injured myself many times.. Fantastic hike.. Definitely recommend it
My favorite trail to the top of Halla-san
I've done the hike from the trail head at Seongpanak parking lot to the summit of Halla-san 14 times.  The hike is about 9 KM to the top.  The trail is very rocky and vertical.  There are a few drinking water sources on the way to the summit.  As you get near the top, the trail becomes a series of wooden stairs.  The trail becomes seriously vertical about 7KM from the trail head.  It took me between 2 and 2.5 hours to go up and about the same amount of time to return to my car.
Climbing South Korea's tallest mountain
Might not be very tall at 1950m but it's no walk in the park. The best part though is that the path is clear and generally easy to walk especially when there are planks. Otherwise walking on volcanic rock and boulders are not so comfortable for the feet. Great views at the top and as we went in spring, flowers are in bloom.
Transport information to hallasan seongpanak trail
See other reviews on rubbish, food, clothing, water etc Travelling from seongwipo - take bus 782 (stock up on snacks/lunch at the convenience store nearby if haven't done so already as your options are limited once you get there). Bus Tickets cost 1800 won per person one way. Purchase tickets from ticket office or bus driver (take small change) and the trip takes around 30mins, dropping you off right at the entrance of the walking trail. (take bus 781 if travelling from Jeju city). Take the 781 bus to return to seongwipo.
Rude Staff  Some shining examples...
My wife fell on the mountain due to lack of safety equipment, and had to get a ride down...  I am former Army...  I ran the 2 hours down the mountain to beat her there...  asked a staff member where I could get water... showing a drinking water bottle...    instead of pointing to the store where I could buy drinking water, he told me to drink from the toilet...  I took his picture....  Sad!  Meanwhile, another, much better employee was helping my wife down the mountain in their train of sorts...  cog mono-rail...  was pretty cool!  Her knee is better now, but this attraction is a serious hazard and needs to be put on an advisory of some sort!!!
Challenging Hike
We took bus 182 early morning reached there around 7.30am and started to hike about 8am. It's good to bring hiking stick as there are lots of steps up, with a hiking stick it's easier to move up the rocky paths. It was very cold at the mountain so it's good to wear in layers and can remove the jackets if it gets too warm during the hike. We managed to reach Saraoreum shelter before 12pm where we ate and took a break before moving on to the summit. After 12pm no one is allowed to move on up to the summit from the shelter as it gets dark very early during winter time. We reached the summit just before 1.30pm. The ranger already chasing people to get down. It was very cold and windy at the top and it started to drizzle. So it's important to bring a raincoat too. I could'nt get a good view as it was very foggy and windy. We did'nt get some rest and started to descend. It took a long while to descend too as the path is very rocky and slippery. Lucky i have my hiking stick with me. Half way down it started to get dark we needed to use our handphones as touch light to guide us down the path. Very happy we are all able to reach the summit. It's a nice experience.
Finally! One thing off from my Bucket list
Hiking Mt. Halla was on my bucket list for a long time and finally i did it. There is a time restriction and you cannot enter the gate before 6:00 am during the winter time. You have to pass 'Jindalaebat Shelter' before 12:00 pm to continuously hike up to the summit. The park keeper will not let up pass the gate of Jindalaebat if you arrive after the noon. It took about 2 or 3 hours to get to Jindalaebat from Seongpanak gate, and another 2 or 3 hours to get to the summit. It took me 4 hours to get to the Baekrokdam, and took another 5 hours to get down to Gwaneumsa temple. I highly recommend to hike from Seongpanak because it is easier to walk and you are too tired to look around. Then, walk down to Gwaneumsa direction which has a really good view and nature. (Gwaneumsa route is shorter, but definitely harder...super stiff)You will see many people lining up to take a photo with a monument, and I didn't understand why people want to take a photo with just a rock. I learned that you will get a certification of Mt. Hallasan hiking if you show the picture with the monument. All you need to do is go to the ticket office, pay 1,000 KRW and show the picture. I've seen many people hiking with sneakers, but I recommend wearing hiking boots since you have to walk on rocks for 8~9 hours. I heard that you need to be luck to see the summit because Hallasan is always foggy and cloudy. I was lucky and weather was just amazing!! I also heard that it is slightly easier to hike when it snows. There are buses that you can use and I strongly recommend hiking Mt. Halla!!!!!!!
Climb Hallasan via Seongpanak
I have always wanted to climb Hallasan so when I got the chance to visit Jeju, I included it on my itinerary. As I wasn't an expert hiker, I have opted to start my ascent at the Seongpanak trail. I wasn't disappointed. It was only a moderately steep climb for most of the trip. You will only have a more difficulty from the rest stop. The scenery wasn't as good as Gwaneumsa but if you want a more relaxing climb, I'd suggest to take this trail.
Good trek
We ( mostly) enjoyed our hike up Hallasan. It is a moderate climb despite being the highest peak in S. Korea. Important to note that you still need crampons to climb right now. Our hotel went and told us we didn’t need them as there was no snow left...well they were wrong! The steepest slopes on the trail are still sheer ice and it is quite treacherous without the crampons to help you grip! Other than that it was a good hike. Crater at the top is pretty cool. Also note that even on a clear day it was really hazy in the distance so the view from the top wasn’t as expected. Still worth it though. I recommend starting very early, get the first bus in the morning. The trail becomes quite crowded later on.
Up Gwaneumsa and down Seonpanak
Seonpanak is known to be the more difficult route, however both to the summit have their difficulties. Seonpanak definitely has nicer views than Gwaneumsa, thats why we chose to walk down this trail, as your back is facing the beauty on the way up. This route has TONS of rocks which make it hard to balance and hike without the proper shoes. There are 4 or 5 base camps, only one offering water, and one with (disgusting) squat toilets. It took about 3 1/2 hours to hike from the summit, to the bottom. My legs are KILLING ME. But, it was worth it!
Scenic trail to the summit of the Hallasan
We wanted to hike to the summit of the Hallasan mountain, and decided to use the Seongpanak trail.It's roughly 9 kms from the parking lot to the summit, and it took us around 2h50m at a constant pace with few stops. This is a very scenic hike starting in the middle of the forest, and close to the top through prairies. The hike is properly maintained with stairs and paths, but some parts have many rocks, and thus proper hiking shoes are highly recommended.The views from the summit are spectacular!
Hiking Boots Necessary!
Went on a day hike up and down the Seongpanak trail! It was a gorgeous day, about 18C and I couldn't have asked for better weather. It took about 10 hours round trip. Started around 8:30am and made it down by 6:30pm. Luckily the sun didn't go down until 7:15ish so I had plenty of light to guide me.Now, I am not a hiker by any means and this was one of the toughest hikes I've been on. To be honest, it wasn't because the trails were all that difficult - it was actually quite pleasant through the woods and there were 2 rest stops along the way. The first stop is basically a bathroom break and the 2nd had some food available before heading up the last (somewhat steeper) trail to the lake up top. Oh, by "food" I mean some cup ramen and snacks. They also sold water and sports drinks. It would be helpful for you to bring food of your own. They also have no garbage cans so you need to carry and dispose of your own trash once you get back down.The reason why this trail was difficult for me was because I simply wasn't ready for a 20km hike! By the last 5km of the descent, I felt my feet and legs were going to fall off or give in to becoming jelly due to all the stairs and rocks. Make sure you have proper shoes! All in all, I'm glad I did this hike - it was worth it when I got to the top and was able to experience amazing views and clean air. And the flowers!! It was simply beautiful. Just expect to have sore calves for a few days following :)
Rainy day hiking
It was supposed to be sunny day according to forecast but the rain started the night before and it just won't stop. I was about to give up the plan but my friend insist on going and we ended up on top of the mountain :) it was rather a different experience hiking under the rain. The only disappointment was the fog on top which basically cover the beautiful view of the lake.
Worth it
It's a long trail... the track is quite easy at the beginning but become more challenging to the top. But the view its worth it... But if you can, avoid go on the weekend. Too many people on weekend.
Not for beginners while the experience was memorable
My wife and I were rather underprepared for this hike. And the terrain is not for someone who had never trekked before.Nevertheless, taking it to summit on the 3rd day of November was an interesting experience. From temperate zone to the frosted summit, the temperature and views changed dramatically. Thumbs up!
Excellent hike, but you need to be well prepared
Seongpanak is excellent trail, but no need to compare it with other places in other countries, you need to appreciate it as it is, it's the trail to reach the highest crater of Hallasan in South Korea (there are only two trails to do it and Seongpanak is easier than Gwanumsa), you will find couple of nice views close to the top, otherwise most of it's more like an exercise hike, don't expect too many nice views on the way, it's mostly forest walk. For most Koreans it's an easy hike, there are really fit:) so be prepared for serious hike.I found winter hiking the most exiting, but you need to be well prepared: jackets, gloves, hats, crampons etc as well as get more information on difficulty rate not overestimate your level and timing.
Long walk, lovely Koreans!
Myself and wifey and our 2 boys aged 12 and 15, decided to walk this mountain, and arrived just after 9.30 in the morning. This trail is supposedly the easier of what are now 3 trails that take you to the summit. Because it wasn't the weekend, there were fewer people, and this was a big bonus, as the whole way up is sectioned off with guide rope, and is either wooden stairs or stones and rock. The few times we came across people, you were held up a bit until you came across a widening where you could overtake them. I can imagine this being very irritating on a weekend, and also you lose that feeling of being out in the wilderness.On the way up we met small groups of older Koreans, who offered us cucumbers and oranges, and we greeted all we met with " hello" or " how you doing ?" in Korean. This was mostly met with a smile and a happy reply.The downside with this trail, is that you are surrounded by trees the first 8 km up, and it is not until the last kilometre that you actually begin to get an appreciation of the views. In some ways it is quite beautiful, but like I said to our two boys, the bottom of the hill is nearly like the top, because you can only see the trees- okay different formations, but no view.At the top, you have the crater sectioned off, and you can peer down into it and take pictures. Because of the distance, we rate this quite a hard going trek,and there are many loose rocks that you could easily twist your ankle on, wifey did!!We used 3 hours up, a little more down, because we had to stop for a while, so wifey could swear at me when she twisted her ankle!!
extreme hike
This is really a challenging hike for me, but it's worth the time and effort. I'm so happy I reached the summit !!!
The highest peak in South Korea, picturesque landscape and very interesting hiking
We choose a day with the best weather forecast, during our visit to Jeju island, to take a walk to the peak of Hallasan. We choose west trail – it doesn't lead to the peak, but is much shorter. It took us 3h to get to the highest point of the trail and 2h to get back to the next bus stop. Everything was very exotic, as we are used to hike in Alps or Carpathians. It is worth to remember, that the temperature drops about 1°C/200m, so it should be 10°C colder on the peak than on the sea level. And it was. More surprising was that there are no possibility to buy food or drink in the park. Fortunately we took lot of water and some fruits and sweets (old habit from "real" mountains). The trail was very "civilised" – mostly steps, easy and very safe (however with ice or snow it's for sure not a pice of cake). More walking than climbing. Not so much people (May seems to be off season), but we were not alone. The view from the trail and the peak just beautiful. In my opinion it's worth to spent half a day on Jeju to see it.
Easy and steady
We went this trail up and can recommend it surely for everyone who is in doubt of their stamina. It was a steady elevation with nice stops on the way
Recommended
Am not much of an active person who trek but managed to finish the hike.  Pretty easy to find alternative transport instead of cab.   I took a cab to Jeju bus terminal and ask for the bus to seongpanak hallasan.  There are announcements and signboard to alert one for each stop and hence I manage to align at the seongpanak stop with no difficulty.  The trek was okay for the first leg (pre-rest stop) and got more challenging at the final leg.  Not knowing much, realised that most of the hikers have their hiking stick while I was on my own - then again I survive the hike abit limping for the long long hike :). In all, I enjoy the hike with not regrets
Breathtaking!!
Not only was the view after climbing to the top of Trail no. 2 breathtaking, the track up the steps and steep trail will also leave most breathless! There are markers that state you are at 2-1, 2-2 etc., the 2 in front meaning trail no. 2, but none tells you how much higher you must climb! Incidentally the top is 2-5. Its quite a struggle to reach the top but if you take it easy and take regular breaks along the way to admire the fauna & flora, take some photos and generally get your breath back, you should reach the top in about half an hour. The journey down is much easier and faster. The view on top is magnificent and definitely worth the climb! The fresh cool mountain air was great too. Highly recommend you try. PS : There were two ladies in their seventies from San Francisco who completed the climb and decent at the same time as my group. Two thumbs up to them!!There is also a museum and sculptured garden at the base of the mountain where you can sit on park benches and enjoy the air and general view of the Hallasan mountain and its surroundings.
Popular trail to climb Hallasan
We take this trail to climb Hallasan. This trail is very popular but the longest trail. It could take approximately 4 hours to climb to the top and 5 hours to climb down. if you are visiting in winter time, please prepare your crampon/ice cleat, since the trail road is slippery and covered by snow or ice. You could buy cheap crampon at E mart or Lotte Mart with the price less than USD 10, but it is very use full.
Last day of 2014 I was climbing Hallasan mountain
It was very good and origin. I though I'd given up before I even start, but the quite,the white of the snow amazed me, I kept moving head. Lost of local people climb on the last day of 2014. and I have to say is they climbed so fast,we were passed by many followers.
Mount Hallasan hike
This is a long but fairly gentle trail up Mt Hallasan. It was extremely busy with people going both ways and most of the path is on wooden boardwalks and steps or basalt rocks. The later are uneven and I'd recommend hiking boots for comfort. There is a place to refill water bottles about half way up and the second of two shelters does some basic foods - noodles, but better to take everything you want with you. The toilets are grim. The crater at the top was rather disappointing with a muddy pool of water at the bottom on the day we went, but there were some splendid views across Jeju Is over all the parasitic volcanos. The lower slopes were very pretty with fall colours at the end of October. However, I've done better hiking with far fewer people in other countries.
Mt. Hallasan / Seongpanak Trail
The Seongpanak Trail is the easiest, though the longest trail to hike up Mount Hallasan (bit over 9km). It's a beautiful path with a gradual ascent and some steep sections. The difficulty in this trail is the surface, as the majority of the time you are walking on volcanic rocks that make your footing uneven and it does wear you out. I hiked in Chaco sandals and was ok, but I'm used to it. I highly recommend wearing comfortable shoes. I also suggest getting an early start, before 8am. Because it's the most gradual ascent, this is also a busy trail with hikers constantly going both directions. Bring snacks and plenty of water. There is a re-filling spring water station a bit more than half way to the peak. Highly recommend if you are an outdoorsy person and can handle long walks/hikes.
Not worth as a world wonder
It was nice place but I did not find it as the 7 new nature wonders of the world. Also it was too crowded. lots of tourists made the area very noisy and all the scenic views were blocked with people
Long hike that requires preparations
We did this hike by end of March 2014. The first part is indeed a kind of forest walk. Half way we were indeed surprised to see some snow on the hills and later on lots of snow on the path, Since we did not have those clampons it was pretty tough. At the 2nd shelter we did indeed buy those clampons whereafter the hike was more easy to do. The view from top was not that good due to the upcoming mist. We were amazed though to see so many RAVENS waiting for food.
Easy trail for a relax hike
I took Gwanuemsa trail up and down with Seongpanak. I find that there is nothing much to see from this trail as most of the pathways are rocky pathways with trees all around. There are 2 stations which provide toilet facilities, and one at the higher level sells called jindaraebal shelter also sells food and crampon. If you are coming in winter, do check the weather. If the pathways are filled with snow, it is better to bring along the crampon as the path will be really slippery.
Over-rated
We were lucky to start the hike with a beautiful warm Autumn day and clear skies. We started around 7 in the morning at the Gwamneumba campsite, getting a taxi ride from Jeju city was easy and cheap - about 10500 won gets you right in front of the gate. The Gwamneumba trail was lovely at first, most tranquil. But then shortly afterwards, it started getting quite difficult having to balance hopping between and stepping up uneven surfaces of lava rocks..Great views came 2/3's in and at the very last part of the trail.. There's also drinking water available at a small fountain in front of a bridge 2/3 way in. The bathrooms on this trail were pretty gross, one of those toilets that pile waste at the bottom - only that the bottom wasn't very far down.. I would say the bottom was less than a metre.. And not to mention the fattest and most active flies inside and outside the cubicle..We reached the summit around 1pm, having taken countless 2 minute breaks along the way. The lake at the top looked much like a drying pond, I think views would probably have looked better in the Spring. There's nothing much else there, a resting area, a helipad and a wifi tower.Next - Climbing down Seongpanak trail.. The first check point on the Seongpanak trail sells FOOD! We didn't know that, as many sources state there are no food stalls on the mountain.. There's 2 minute noodles, chocolate, bottled water, pocari sweat, tissues, etc. Then on the checkpoint after that you have a small fountain of drinking water.The rest of the trail was a nightmare. We didn't have the correct hiking gear and very underprepared trekking in sneakers and boots. Many say that Seongpanak is easier because its a slope, but having to balance each step as we walked on lava rocks was most tiresome. 99% of the time you're just looking down at your feet making sure it lands on a rock, and you're doing it in a hurry because you're trying to reach the end before the sun sets! And you'd probably be doing that for about 6km.It would have been easier to go up Seongpanak and down Gwamneumsa. Make sure you have the correct hiking gear - sticks and shoes. Our legs ached! Mostly caused by keeping our balance on the uneven, rocky terrain. My partner ended up with a crook knee, micro ligament tear. We reached the exit gate at 5:30pm! Taxi ride back to Jeju city was about 15000 won.I give this 3 stars because a lot of effort is involved. Yes it is a mountain, and I hiked other incredible mountains with magnificent views like huangshan and wulingyuan which did not put me through the physical pain without much reward that hallasan did. My expectations were very high as well, the most you get are views of the city, mountain fauna ( though very beautiful), and the drying lake. Do it for the experience and go the other direction, climbing down Gwamneumsa would be so much easier as there are better stairs, not just kilometres of rocks on a slope!Enjoy!
Peak of happiness
My wife and I ascended Mount Hallasan in April. While it was cool in the morning, we soon had to tie our sweatshirts around our waist. We weren't sweating as much but we're winded trekking 9.6 kms. While that distance may seem daunting, the Seonpanak trail was not too difficult, even for non-trekkers like us. There are steps and wooden walkways but in parts you have to tread carefully as it gets rocky. The difficulty level steadily increases as you move upwards. But if you take little breaks and keep proceeding, your effort will be rewarded with breath taking views from the peak. Well, the Crater lake didn't match our expectations or the pictures we saw online as it had dried up. However, we were well above the cloud level and there were green and brown hills as far as the eye could see. A word of caution - there are no sources of water on the way up (although it says there's portable water at the half point) and no shops once you start the trek. So carry energy drinks and bars, at least 3-4 big bottles of water (per person) and Jeju oranges. You can get all this from the shop at the base, at the start of the trail. Go on, enjoy your trek and discover pine trees, maples trees, black Chipmunks and much more
So far
I went there too late so I cannot reach the top of the mountain. This route is 9 km and the walkway was pretty bad because it's all lava rock and it's raining before. We have to reach the shelter at 6 km by 12.30 but we can't so we had to go back when we reached the first shelter. I think you should try other route if you have a little time like me.
A tough climb when there is snow!
This was defiantly a must do event for Jeju! We thought it would be easier than it was. Towards the top it gets very steep and with all the snow and ice it can be quite challenging, especially since we were only wearing regular footwear and no crampons or even hiking shoes!We made it and 3 days later our legs still hurt but was worth the struggle! It took us 3.5 hours each way including stops but not including the time at the very top, which was almost an hour. So 8 hours total!
Great physical work out
Hike this 19.2km return path *9.6km one way on a rainy and cloudy day is definitely an unforgettable experience. Rocky paths have turn into flowing streams. Took  9 hours non stop to reach the peak and return. Thick fog on the peak most of the time and only manage to get a glance at the lake. Great sense of achievement when reaching the top
Challenging hike but worth it for the stunning view
Living in Hong Kong we're pretty used to tough hikes - this one is a little difficult but manageable for anyone who is reasonably fit or has some hiking experience. Whilst the incline on this hike is never that steep and the first part of the trail is easy with paved walkways, the terrain for the second half is pretty hard going with lots of rocks and boulders. We managed in trainers but hiking boots with a sturdy sole would probably be better, and some may feel more comfortable with poles. But it's ABSOLUTELY worth the effort for the view. The crater lake is quite impressive but more stunning is if you look back on Jeju from above the clouds. Took us about 6.5 hours up and down but bring plenty of snacks as there is only one point where you can buy water and some dubious looking packet noodles. Oh and there are no bins so bring a bag for your rubbish. If you are in Jeju and like hiking, you must do this as it's a great sense of achievement when you can say you've hiked S Korea's highest peak!
Very Tiring Hike
If you're unfit like me, please be mentally and physically prepared before embarking on this "hike", 4-5 hours upwards, another 4-5 hours downwards. The view at the top is great but that highly depends on the weather. Don't be surprised to see many elderly Koreans in their 50s or 60s even at the peak. And oh yes, please bring along good hiking shoes for this trip, it will definitely help you a lot.
Great hike, definitely recommended!
This hike will make a great day trip. Make sure to leave early as you're likely to spend a couple of hours on the mountain, either walking/climbing or admiring the view. Wear proper hiking boots/shoes and layers of clothes. Bring sufficient water. Toilets are very clean.
Hill walk
just a well maintained hill track. More like a plantation than a forest though we spotted a deer. Crowded with people going in a hurry to complete a formality. No great scenes on this trail.of course we did upto Sara Oreum only. May be the other difficult trails must be having better sceneries. If you want to go to summit better start early say by 8 am since there is no permission beyond the upper shelter after 12 noon. Not good for someone with weak knees. Avoid on rainly or cloudy days.
Iconic Attraction
This is the icon of Jeju island. We went there on a morning and started on the Seongpanak trail which happened to be the longest at 9.6 km. There are other shorter trails available from other start points. The mountain area is pretty cold with some winds. I guess it’s the norm since it’s November.The trail is a mixture of proper steps and stones. I wouldn’t say it’s easy but it’s definitely achievable.A must go place in Jeju.
uneventful stroll.
This trail takes about 2 hours to get to the top, if you walk fast you could do it faster. It is uneventful and going to the top the first 70% you can only see trees. At the top there was too much fog/pollution so you could only see the crater, which had almost no water in it. There are stairs and wooden platforms so it is more like taking a simple stroll through the woods at a bit of an incline.
Definitely a worthwhile hike
A relaxing trail with picturesque scenery. I went during autumn and the climate was just right. The leaves turning brown was a breathtaking sight and if you're lucky, you will be able to catch a glimpse of deers along the trails.Do be careful along the steep slopes during certain parts of the trail as a missed step could result in some pain. There are water points on the trail though located a substantial distance from each other. Do bring your own food or you can buy it from a store near the summit. Bear in mind that you will have to bring along your trash and don't leave it on the mountain! (Bring along extra trash bags!)
Stand among the clouds!
We climbed Seongpanak Trail on the Saturday of a 3-day weekend and it was crowded as hell. On the way up it didn't feel like a hike but more like a line of people marching. It was not a huge deal for me. I've never seen a mountain for hiking so well equipped. There were 2 rest areas, one about a fourth of the way up and another 3/4 of the way up. The one 3/4 of the way up is where many people have their lunch and can buy snacks/ramen (less windy). The toilets are horrendous and I had to tie a scarf around my face but it was so strong. About halfway up a mountain you can take a left and for a 20 min walk in & out you can see a nice lake (it may be foggy).This was DEFINITELY a worthwhile experience. The hike was quite easy because there were many man made walkways. When you are approaching the summit it can be very windy. I had to grab the rope a few times to prevent myself from being blown away (I am only about 50kg). We went in October so it may be less windy and cold in the summer months. The clouds move quickly so we were able to see and take many great pictures. Please do this if you enjoy hiking and want to stand among the clouds!
Famous for the Hype.
Highest mountain in Korea.  Beautiful area.  The wife and I went in midweek hoping to beat the crowds.  Forget it.  masses of cars, buses and people.  At 10 am on a weekday we sat in a line of cars for approx. 80 minutes just to get a place to park.  Once in, the hike was pretty strenuous.  Bring a hat and sunscreen.  We got approx. 2/3 of the way up (in a horde of people) before the park employees turned everyone back saying there was a "big wind coming".  It was a nice sunny day and no visible weather to be seen.  Oh well.  I will probably try again when I come back.  But I will be sure and get here at daybreak and try to beat the crowds.
Particular!
I don't know why people get surprised about the length of the walk or about the presence of rocky steps to get to the top of the mountain:if you're not trained stay at home!! You can easily get info on the web about the trails,so don't complaint! The trip is hard,but only from a physical point of view,not technically. We took the Seogpanak trail:19 km round trip but it's worth it. Unfortunately at the top it was cloudy but I'm sure that with clean sky it's spectacular! Btw,I think that stairs are more than rocky steps.
never ending lava rock
took our family of 3 about 11hrs round trip. it can be done in 9 if you ha e the right gear and move fast. its gradual grade, so its not strenuous but the terrian is terrible. it is 85percent big rocky jagged lava chunks. if you are prone to ankle injury, this hike is not for u. you have to watch your feetthe whole time  which is fine since there is no view until the last 20-30 minutes of the hike. so all in all i do not really recommend this hike unless you have lots of time in Jeju and you really wanna say you climbed Koreas highest peak.
Beautiful, challenging and rewarding.
After nearly two years spent in Korea, I can quite easily say that Hallasan is the most beautiful place I've visited while here. Dramatic scenery, including sprawling vistas and interactive cloud-cover made this an exhilarating climb. Don't expect an easy journey! I took the "easiest" trail and it took us a good 5 hours to complete, and the hike up the mountain itself was via a crowded and steep staircase.The sheer variety of landscapes you experience as you climb up is really impressive. When you reach the mid-point, there's a rest stop where you can buy water, coffee and ramen noodles (oh, Korea!), but bring your own snacks because you'll probably be up there for a while.
