Out of the way, but worthwhile
Bonte Museum was designed by Tadao Ando who designed scores of museums (including the Suntory Museum in Osaka) in Japan so the building itself is very photogenic.  The complex is divided into five galleries with one of them permanently housing two works by Yayoi Kusama, Pumpkin and the Infinity Mirrored Room (each visitor gets two minutes inside).  One gallery is dedicated to Tadao Ando’s meditation room while the rest of the  artwork inside rotates.  The other three galleries were pretty bland with one dedicated to Korean traditional crafts and the other two dedicated to temporary exhibitions.  Each gallery is relatively small with the entire museum taking a little over an hour to check out.  The spacious surrounding area is a nice spot to chill after checking out the art if the weather is nice and despite the steep admission, it was still a worthwhile stop.
Interesting collection presented in beautiful architecture
I was really impressed by this museum, designed by the famous Japanese architet Tadao Ando. The architecture of the building and the beautiful garden make this place worth a visit, but the collection is also really interesting. I really loved the collection artefacts from the late Joseon period an the special exhibition 'Carriage to Heaven' that shows sangyeo (traditional funeral bier) and kkokdu (small statues used as decoration for the sangjyeo). The joyous artwork of Japanese artist Yayoi Kusama were a nice extra on top of all that.Not to be missed when visiting Jeju.
One of my favorite museums
This is an excellent museum featuring contemporary art as well as traditional art. The buildings themselves, which were designed by Tadao Ando, were amazing. It was great just walking around inside while perusing the exhibits & or going for a stroll outside. My favorite part was the sculpture garden, which featured 3 pieces. You can go on the rooftop as well to see another sculpture as well as a great view of Jeju. I was also fortunate to have an opportunity to see Yayoi Kusama's Pumpkin & Infinity Mirrored Room. I don't know if it was because I went during off-season, but the museum wasn't crowded at all, so I was able to take my time. I would definitely come back here again if I had a chance
Highlight for modern art in a well designed surrounding
Outstanding art gallery, with excellent exhibitions and buildings, nice café, an absolute must during your stay in Jeju!
My 2nd time visit to Bonte Museum
Really enjoy my time here at Bonte Museum, quiet, quaint with lots of funky modern art displays from indoor to outdoor, all my pictures taken there look fantastic from every angle.
simple & peaceful environment
simple & peaceful environment. not too crowded & good for taking time for scrolling. staff also professional & nice with good communication.
