They have very good collection
you can teach or give information how the engine and model grow from old to modern system. and also they have an simulation driving licence for kids .Kids will very like it
Suitable for family with young kids
Is worth going if u have young kids and a husband/wife who enjoyed looking at vintage cars instead of young woman (:p). My kids enjoyed driving the cars and they were issued a license with photo after the 10mins ride. Although they say no phototaking but trust me, phototaking opportunity are plenty once u r out of their sight. Read that there's an outdoor area where we can feed the deer. Unfortunately it was raining shortly after we were there. Hence didn't manage to do there. This place is very near to the ossulloc green tea museum. Easy to swing over after the visit to ossulloc. But beware to check weather. There's a unsheltered slope uphill from the entrance area (remb to bring enough umbrella for whole family in case it rains). My hubby only brought 1 from the car hence he needs to go bk to the car and climb uphill again just to pass us the ponchos and umbrellas). :P
Never expected such a place!
This place is amazing! I expected to find something of this quality in the US or Europe, not on a vacation island in Korea. The cars on display were absolutely amazing and gorgeous. Classic cars for me are better than modern machines as they have more unique designs and just invoke a more awe inspiring feeling within. Absolutely love it!
Amazing
Couldn't believe that a car museum of such excellence would be found on Jeju Island in South Korea.the large number of cars covered all makes, types and brands and we just loved all the old advertising posters around the museum.The displays outside were also a delight and the museum was not hard to get to by public transport.  We stopped off to watch some of the races on the way back and that is also worth a visit.  They use descendants of the Mongolian ponies, and with their colourful jockeys they made a wonderful display.  The extensive grounds have lots to entertain children as well as a mini golf course in the centre of the race track.  Would definately recommend both destinations.
A Must For All .....
Even I am not a great fan of cars ... this place have a great collection and is in good condition .  Looking at the different model and time it was produced ...  very educational.   The outdoor display was very appreciate as you can touch and get in it for the kids.
A must-see in Jeju
It is first time for me to write a review of a museum because it was much more beyond our expectations. You will love the exhibition even if you are not a big fun of cars. The best part for my 8 year-old son was the test driving for his first International Driving License.
Missed a big part of it
Only discovered that we did not visit the indoor museum after seeing all other reviewers' photos.  We were only at the outdoor site and even with just those few cars, we enjoyed each one on display. Wish we had seen all the cars!
Great visit
It was a great visit! My hubby is a car lover and he enjoyed this attraction very much. We even bought car models for our new house at the store. To get into this attraction you pay a minimal fee, additionally, there's an outdoor area where you can feed rabbits and goats, do pick up the carrot sticks from the shop!
Nice visit
My kids loved the place too much, the history of cars from old to new The kids try driving and they get international driving license It was fun
Good selection of display cars
So many vintage cars on display good for car enthusiasts. Most were executive cars used by dignitaries.
Car fans’ empire
You have to walk on a ramp in order to get into the museum because car cannot drive into the area of exhibitions. The venue is separated into indoor and outdoor. For outdoor exhibitions, you should be aware of the weather. If it rains, the ramp would be slippery, so visitors are recommended to wear water-resistant shoes for unusual events. There are plenty of cars exhibited, including antique cars and modern cars. There are descriptions beside every single car including where they produce, which car firm belongs to and when it is first produced. There are many limited-edition cars and some of them are even the only one in the world. There is also a shop located besides the entry of the museum, selling different car models and peripherals. I bought a wheel like key chain, it costs 10k KWD, which is relatively cheap compare to the models of cars.So, if you are a car fan or you want to have some souvenirs about cars, you are recommended to go to the car museum to buy your favorites.
Good car museum
C1 ( 2016.07.12 ) This museum was more many car than I think. I didn't expect this museum, but various car was exhibits. Especially, the car about 30 years ago was very good to me. There was a various car in the museum and outside. For children, the experience facility was good.
Classic cars
The entrance fee is a little pricey, but if you consider the maintence for each car, it's understandable. If you're into classic cars, this is the place to be.  The style and uniqueness of each car was awesome. Would like a few other classics in there. But they had a Bentley and a Chevvy so I'm more than happy.
Cool cars
If you are a car enthusiast, this is a great place to visit. They have a broad range of cars and an area where kids can drive a car around a track.
great place for auto-mobile's fans
Full of antique cars, if you are a car lover, definitely worth to visit this museum! But most of the explanation is in Korean.
My favorite museum in Korea
All the museums were great in jeju island if you're in and out within a hour or so.  But i think i stayed in this automobile museum for at least 3 hours.  My hobby and passion is cars back home jn the States so for any car lover,  this is the place.  From the model T,  old school Bentley and rolls royce to The original 300sl class Mercedes,  you see it all.  A must for car lovers...
Great place for antique mobile fans
This is really the heaven for antique car fans like us. Grandpa was enjoying the old days by seeing these old pals, and kids enjoyed the fun ride of kiddy kart surrounding the museum.
