if you like hiking on a green area
This park is on the mountain above the Jeju main ship port.The way up can be done with a car, then the entrance to the park is near the large white lighthouse with a great view over the coastline.you'll have their wide green areas. good for to chilling out but can be skip after the lighthouse.
A Vintage Train, a Traditional Korean Pavillion & Beduri Oreum
Sammu Park is a destination not likely to appear on the typical package-tour’s itinerary for Jeju Island, but this downtown Sin-Jeju gem has some singularly unique features for the intrepid visitor.  First, the park was actually constructed on one of Jeju’s 368 oreums, local dialect for a small scoria (cinder) cone or parasitic/parallel volcano.  This one is Beduri oreum, surely one of the smaller ones, topping out at just 10 meters above its base with a circumference of 617 meters.  Beduri was transformed into the park in 1978 as part of an urban planning initiative. In addition to a large assortment of exercise equipment,  a children’s play area, badminton and basketball courts, and jogging/hiking trails, Beduri boasts a majestic, two-story octagonal pavilion, called Sammujeong.   Constructed in the traditional Korean style and ringed by pine trees, the colorful wooden pavilion is almost like a giant tree-house.  It isn’t unusual to hear musicians and vocalists practicing there, taking advantage of the spot’s natural acoustics.  It’s a peaceful place to sip a beverage in any season.  Next, are you a train enthusiast or history buff?  Then you might want to visit Sammu for this feature alone:  the park is home to the last remaining steam locomotive for coal transportation in Korea.  MIKA Steam Locomotive No. 304 (registered Cultural Heritage No. 414) was manufactured in Japan in 1944, during Japanese colonial rule, and operated on Korean railroads until 1967. In 1978, President Park Chung Hee had it shipped to the park on Children’s Day, so that Jeju’s children could see a real train.  The train’s passenger car now contains a children’s library.  Finally, beginning in 2014, the park has been further renovated to be a sort of extension to the Bao Jian Street tourism and shopping district.  At the park’s south entrance, there is a giant clock surrounded by wildflowers and neon lampposts that match those on Bao Jian.  The clock has a Plexiglas dome that gives its neon face a trick-art, psychedelic look after dark.  Sammu Park is definitely worth a visit, particularly if you are staying at an area accommodation or if you will be going to Bao Jian…a chance for a little Jeju “nightlife.”
