garden ho's
the flowers really pretty and the property is huge, each room was different and i loved it, only thing was it was sooooo hot!!
Very nice for any nature's lovers!
I've never imagine that I could spend 3 hrs for a botanical garden and that will be not enough :)The garden is very well and smart planned! Such many things to  see inside and outside of main tower!2 hrs is an absolute minimal time to spend there! Some small shops with hand made decorations and one or two coffee shop are inside of main building.Possible to "rent" a small funny train for to travel around of territory - but in this case just not possible to see and feel every perfect corner of the external garden as the train is going by schedule and route.
Did not meet expectations
The place was small, there weren't many things to see and entrance fee was insanely expensive at 10,000₩ for an adult. Not a recommended place to go, best to go elsewhere like the waterfalls or jusangjeollidae rocks.
Stopped in whilst visiting Jeju
We decided to pay a visit whilst we were on a weekend trip to Jeju as my wife loves flowers. She was not disappointed!The display of orchids, her favourite, were quite spectacular whilst we were there.
Better to visit during spring
Fall season would be dull here. We made a stop on the way to lunch. A few exhibition halls to cater for vegetation from different temperate and climate.  Otherwise, nothing spectacular in this huge park. The train ride requires a special ticket.
Something to do....
I was very excited to visit after reading the reviews; while it was very nice, I left slightly dissapointed. Maybe we visited at the wrong time of year, but almost nothing was blooming outside. The different outdoor gardens were pretty, but I was expecting a lot more colorful displays.Inside was a bit more of what I expected (although again, not as many flowers as I thought there would be). The main area is air-conditioned, which is a HUGE relief from the heat outside (and some of the display rooms are pretty toasty, as well).  We were lucky to get a clear day, so the view from the top of the glass dome was fantastic.The garden is in a great location, with plenty of restaurants and other attractions nearby, and just a short drive from Pacificland and the beach. As a stand-alone, the garden may have been a bit of a let-down, but since we were able to spend a couple of hours here, get some lunch, and then head down to the beach for some waves, it ended up being a fun family day.
7 different plant areas in the greenhouse
There is a huge greenhouse with 7 separate areas of different plants including desert, aquatic, floral, jungle, and tropical fruit.   The tropical fruit area had platters (examples)  of many different types of the fruit of the nearby trees.   There are a couple small shops in the greenhouse selling different items as well as food and drink.    There is also an elevator going up to a 5th floor observatory.   We went on a very rainy day.    Couldn’t see a thing.   The greenhouse was extremely busy, I’m sure moreso due to the bad weather.      10,000 won to enter.
Lovely outdoor and indoor gardens, nice view
I was thinking of skipping this attraction in favour of the natural attractions. Due to bad weather I visited this place on a whim but I enjoyed it better than expected. The building itself is quite pretty like a big greenhouse. The floral arrangement and landscaping is tasteful although not as good as Gardens by the Bay in Singapore. There are pretty sculptures dispersed through the compound. There are many different gardens to explore. We visited the indoor gardens first followed by taking the lift up to the top floor for a view of Seogwipo and lastly took the train for the outside gardens. It was too cold and windy to walk outside. There was some confusion about where to buy train tickets, the driver helped to walk to the counter and buy our tickets. Spring is probably a good time to visit since many flowers are in bloom. It would be good if they can stop the vandalism of the trees by the Koreans, many of them scratched their names on the branches.
Nature!
Easily accessible by public bus from airport! This garden is not so crowded & have nice decoration so can relax. Locals like to visit this place & not foreigners are seen during my visit there. Next to this garden have a waterwall so got another place to relax. Recommend to go teddy bear museum & kpop museum as very near to one another so this will spend one whole day.
Good for relax
Lovely botanical garden. I went there a couple of days ago with my friends during our Jeju trip.We didn’t want to get around the whole island for the short holiday, but relax. There were a number of flowers, trees, flowers, and beautiful gardens.If you are a fan of gardens or nature, you must visit there.
An uplifting visit in the winter
I loved the indoor botanical garden. The greenery was so uplifting away from the cold winter outside. There are many species of plants and the gardens are themed from desert to jungle to fruit etc.
A nice place for a photoshoot
If you love nature, then you absolutely must visit this place. According to the booklet I took, there's an outdoor and an indoor garden. The latter one has 5 different sections: a flower garden, an aquatic garden, a cactus garden, a jungle garden and a tropical fruits  garden as well as an observatory on the 5th floor.The outdoor garden contains TEN different gardens including the herb garden and a french garden. It would take about 2.5 hours to see everything it offers.TRANSPORTATION:-from Jeju: take the Airport Limusine Shuttle (approx 50 mins)-from Seogwipo: take a public bus (approx 20 mins)
Gorgeous Photo Ops
We visited here as part of of our cruise ship day tour of the island. This is a very pretty place with amazing photo opportunities throughout. We purchased one of our favorite souvenirs from a kiosk selling genuine Jeju produced hats. We enjoyed the gardens and the walk over the bridge with the amazing views of the gorge and waterfalls. Be aware that the VERY long walk down to the "close-up" of the waterfalls is rather taxing and may not be worth the effort. Overall, a great experience!
Amazing
What a fantastic place to visit, spectacular looking ,inside ,jungle,cacti,gardens under glass ,lift in the middle at the top you get to see all gardens outside you can explore,the beautifully Italian and French gardens are just so awesome,well worth a visit ,although yes extremely hot,lots of Aircon outside garden areas ,cafe to cool down .
Beautiful and serene!
My wife and I went to this place all of a sudden as We had no plan to cover this area. it is located in Jungmoon Resort area. the environment is like slience is spekaing everything. alongside the three water falls are awesome. Go and see.
Very beautiful flower and cactus gardens
The indoor gardens are very lovely especially the flower and cactus gardens. We were there on a sunny day in May and expected it to be hot inside. But these are not just greenhouses. They are greenhouses with air conditioning and so it was pleasantly cool and we took our time to walk around and admire the plants in comfort. The gardens are very well maintained without a leaf out of place. The arrangements are very pleasing and and these two gardens are simply beautiful. Go on a sunny day when the light and shadow creates a most charming effect.As for the outdoor gardens, the Italian one is very picturesque with a magnificent water feature. This is not so much a garden but nonetheless very attractive.Definitely worth a visit.
The outside gardens are lovely
The inside is beautiful but had a huge amount of school groups which made it hard to walk around. The outside gardens are lovely and romantic and makes for a nice stroll with your significant other.
Nice variety of gardens but lack of maintenance
The outdoor gardens lack maintenance and looks nice from a far but is very bad when up close. The plants are balding and the fountains are empty.
Definitely beautiful
This was one of the nicest gardens I have ever seen. Beautiful 5 rooms with different items there. Nice observatory.
Beautiful garden
It is worth to see this. You can see 5 different gardens with different themes. It is nice for children and for adults as well.
Pretty but nothing amazing
It was enjoyable to walk through this botanical garden,  but I have seen better. It was great fun to go up to the top of the tower for a 360 degree view of the area.
Simply beautiful
We visited Jeju in the off season so the outside wasn't what it normally is, but the inside was absolutely beautiful.
Beautiful Gardens
This is a beautiful place to learn about the gardens and native korean plants.  There are many different types of gardens here and they are all well maintained and interesting.  You could stay here for a long time just learning or you could breeze through casually enjoying the scenery.  There is a tower you can go to the top of for lovely views of the area.  Bring a water bottle.
flower world
This botanical garden is well arranged, it enables you to travel around the world through its flora. Pleasant warm ambience, pretty flowers, trees and plants, outside garden too. Great for sunny days - you can admire the view of Hallasan volcano.
Can skip if lack of time
The cone-dome architecture is interesting, the roofs of different gardens within culminates to a peak into the center of the compound and u can take a lift up to catch a 360 panoramic glimpse of the surroundings (see pic). However, adult tix are at 9000krw per person which is not cheap for what u get within. The place has lots of potential but not that well-maintained as the place looks very weathered on the whole. There is a garden dedicated to tropical fruits but those are mostly common fruits for southeast Asians like us. There were only chrysanthemums at the entrance even though it's supposed to be in-season. Parking is easy though, and free, like most places of interests at Jeju. Overall, this place is more suitable for the elders and for people dropping by to visit Cheonjeyeon falls and Seonimgyo Bridge, which is just next door. Otherwise, my 2c worth - it'll be fine to spend your money elsewhere.
Well Themed Botanical Gardens
The gardens were reasonably well tended and we liked the indoor themed zones spreading out in a cartwheel from the main atrium. Outside there are a series of larger themed gardens. Some better than others, but it is a South Korean take on these different countries garden styles. For example the fountains in the Italianate garden were quite impressive and it was good to stroll in the sunshine. We did like the many sculptures placed within the various indoor spaces and this has lifted our score from 'average' to 'very good'.
Jeju Yeomiji Botanical Garden
The Yeomiji Botanical Garden is easy to find and has parking places available. Entrance is not so pricy. The place is easier to enter with stroller or wheel chair. The glass house is quite big and divided into flower/aquatic/cactus/jungle and tropical fruits garden. The outdoor garden is also spacious but we did not go there. Not many people have visited the place. Consequently it was quiet and empty. The garden is very beautiful, interesting and green. It has also a lot of plants and trees but the wow effect is definitely missing.  On top of the glass house is also a view point with elevator connection. Finally I have seen much better botanical gardens.
A beautiful garden
Enjoyed a comfortable tour of the gardens. Has lots of plants, flowers and trees from all over the world. It is is just beautiful.
Skip it!
Pathetic and unkempt..it is a disgrace to call this place a "botanical garden"! The so-called Korean, Italian and French Gradens were not even kept up! The interior greenhouses were a waste of time! It is a absolute waste  of money!
Love Narure
I love nature so this place of course was one of my favorites.  I wish I could upload videos on TripAdvisor.  I can during the fall season and was blown away, imagine what this place looks like during its prime time, spring.  Anyways, must visit here, must.
Surprised
It wouldn't usually be my first choice to visit on an island filled with so many views but it was a rainy day so it seemed reasonable. Wasn't disappointed. The indoor exhibition is well arranged and themed: there was jungle, desert, and other sections. You can climb to the last floor of the tower in the middle for a nice view of the area. Can't go wrong in any way if you stop by. Didn't see the outdoor gardens since it was pouring rain but wasnt disappointed even with the indoor one alone
Well worth a visit but needs upkeep
The building itself was amazing and the indoor gardens were impressive. You can take an elevator up to the 5the floor lookout for a nice view through windows that need cleaning. The outside gardens were mixed. Japanese garden was the nicest overall but smaller than I would have guessed. The Italian and French gardens were impressive by scale alone but the details were far under kept. Green water, weeds??? And I between the larger gardens were under kept areas like a  garden that looked lame at best.  With all that it was still worth a quick stop but don't get your expectations too high.
Better than expected
I am used of the garden by the bay in Singapore which is great, so I went there just to depend some time and expecting something just .. so so.I was actually wrong. The garden is nice, outside as inside. The round shape with all kid of plants, the elevator to go on the top and enjoy a great view, the type of gardens outside (japanese, coréen, italien, french...).Sometimes a lack of maintenance but.. definetely a nice place. Entrance is about 7usd for adults. A little train can bring you around but I didnt use it and.. not sure it is free.
Beautiful garden, nicely themed
The garden starts with a huge glasshouse which is a torture in the summer but we went anyway on carpe diem basis. It's awesome inside and it has little sections. Then outside there are European Japanese and Korean gardens with walkways. Coming from Europe I was not really amazed or entertained by the eurogardens but I guess with Asian perspective they were impressive. The reason I gave 4 is that the entry is expensive and they only sell water at 1 place. Also the toilets are quite dirty
beautiful and well organised botanical garden
the indoor as 5 themes each of them very tidy and pretty. the exterior has different zones and a large lawn. i went there thinking just another botanical garden but i was well impressed i recommend.from here you can have a nice view from the entire red bridge and from the top of the indoors garden you can have a 360' view from entire city and surrounds on a clear dayreally worth to visit
Nice Flowers and Themed Gardens
You need to pay an entrance fee which doesn't include the train ride (which is an additional small fee if you opt to use it). The train can take you on a short ride to view the gardens. Inside the greenhouse, it's quite warm and you can climb up some stairs to view Jeju Island from the top. There was some renovation being carried out in the lifts.  Can spend 1-2 hours here if you're not a garden fanatic!  It's located next door to the Cheonyijeon Waterfall.
Fairly nice gardens - a little behind on maintenance
The greenhouse structure and the design of the gardens were very nice.  However, it seemed that the staff was having trouble keeping up with it.  It may be just a bad time of year for them.  Still well worth the admission fee.
Delightful
Close to hotels - a very relaxing place to wander around and enjoy. Peaceful and friendly for all ages
Beautiful place, absolutely worth the money
The entry fee is abit on the high side, but if you love gardens, plants, nature, and especially flowers, it’s worth every penny. My absolute favourite place to visit in Jeju. I love flowers so we spent around 4 hours here. There’s a huge variety of flowers, and the gardens/areas are very well laid-out. Besides the greenhouse, there is also an area outside where all the different-themed gardens are (Korean, Japanese, French etc), there are about 12 gardens in total I think, and all of them are really beautiful. I think this attraction is still relatively new, as I could still see gardeners setting up the flower beds and so on. But this also means that it’s not crowded yet and there are relatively few tourists compared to the other attractions. Flower-lovers, this is a must-visit!
Sad botanical garden, trash all over. Dead plants and algae blooms.
Maybe in the spring or summer would be better but it was really badly maintained (rusty lamp posts, signages, litter all over floors, shrubs and ponds) really sad. Don't waste your time or money (9k won per person) coming here.
Lovely
I love botanical gardens and this one is good-lots of different themed gardens which are nice to wander around and explore. You can also stumble onto the view of the nearby bridge which I have forgot the name of but it was near the French garden. There is also an observatory which you have great views of all over Jeju including Hallasan. Lovely way to spend a few hours.
Full of colors
This place is full of colorful flowers, plants, trees. Various catagories of plant life, a scenic place.Really liked it.
Must Visit Yeomiji!!!
Wonderfull Park! If you visit Jeju Island, i recommend you to visit Yeomiji. A lot of themes. So many places to take a good pictures.
Actually a nice place
I came here without any plans. It was better than I expended. The warm house is beautiful and elegant. Must go up to the roof and you can see the astonishing view!!!
Surprisingly great.
At first, going through the green house,  we were a little disappointed until we walked the grounds outside.  The French  and Roman gardens were absolutely beautiful.  It was so peaceful and relaxing.
A very nice garden
I wouldnt get out of my way to visit, but if you are in the area and enjoy gardens, you might want to visit.Outside, the japanese and korean gardens are lovely. The french and italian gardens are too kitschy for my taste. Inside, the water flower garden is especially nice. Make sure to take the elevator up to the "observation platform" -  if the weather is clear, you can get good views of Hallasan.
Peaceful place to rake a rest and look around
Yeomiji, located in JoongMoon sightseeing complex, is one of the most impressive place in my memory. - Entrance ticket fee is under 10USD, which is quite reasonable. - Area is divided by its own theme like tropical, Japan, Korea ... - Why don't you order a cup of coffee(or ice cream) and take a rest at the center of greenhouse garden- Observatory has nice view. but it is easily get crowded.Tip: you'd better to go CheonJeYeon waterfall(천제연폭포) after here. that place also has beautiful natural scenery :)
Fun for kids and those who love plants
The weather was raining on the day I decided to do sightseeing on Jeju, so I was left with only a visit to the botanical gardens. You can reach it from the airport limousine bus route and behind the fast food shops near SK Energy shop.Luckily the garden exhibition was under glass roof, so it provided a good informative shelter from the rain.The botanical gardens are organised into themes, eg. Aquatic garden, cactus garden, etc. I guess this eliminates confusion for tourists and displays the plants in an educational fashion too. On a sunny day, there is more to do on the outside.There is a curio shop inside the gardens for some gifts but I did not see a coffee shop at the attraction.It will be educational for the kids!
A peaceful haven for nature lovers
Whether you like flowers or not this worth a visit as they have loads of different flowers from around the world.
Great place in the rain
The indoor gardens are great when the big rains come.  Went back the next day and enjoyed the outdoor gardens as well.  Unfortunately, there is a person screaming via a loudspeaker at the entrance, which spoils what could be a peaceful, serene experience.
Amazing
My wife and I thoroughly enjoyed our time at these gardens. The effort that has gone into creating different exhibits both indoor and outdoors in extraordinary. It has an extremely relaxing feel and a great view of the volcanic mountain.
Worth Seeing!!
Beautiful indoor gardens with several rooms leading off of main garden with specialized environments. The rooms leading from the main garden that I can recall right now are a tropical plant room with orchids, a fern room, water plant room with lilies and hyacinth, and even a cactus room. It is a large indoor garden with many colorful and unusual plants to see. It was raining the day we were there so we were happy that it was enclosed. There are beautiful Korean and Japanese style gardens, among other types of gardens too, outside. Jeju Island has many beautiful places to visit and this botanical garden was a great excursion for us.
An amazing colllection.
Beautifully laid out. Many different styles of gardens, all beautifully maintained. The class house houses a fantastic variety of plants from all around the world.
purely botany
The botanical garden is a place where a wide variety of plants are displayed for understanding how vast is our plant kingdom.it may also help to understand the geographical peculiarities of different countries all over the world. The best thing I have seen there was they provided each species scientific details along with the source country. It will be so exciting to see our country plant representing in a botanical garden situating in a foreign place. Furthermore botanical garden is situated in a very beautiful place with a wide variety of gardens and trees, as I said earlier all the plants and trees are named perfectly.
probably shouldn't be at the top of your list...
The garden has probably seen better days, as some of the facilities look worn down. However, the plant life is beautiful and healthy. I enjoyed the cactus garden the best. It was a bit pricey for what it is. I’d recommend seeing the natural attractions instead.
Good for green lover
Here you can find a lot of beautiful flowers and tropical flora. It is very suitable for green lover. Besides, you can find some tropical fruits over here with some information. After visited four themed garden park at the ground floor, you may proceed to the top floor using the lift at the center. You can see the beautiful view at the top floor. Also, you can take a train tour outside the building. :)
Don't stress if you don't get there
There are pretty parts to the garden, but it's definitely not worth the 9,000 won entrance. It's very stereotyped. Hallim Park is far better for a half-day trip and a similar price.
Beautiful
It's nice very beautiful inside and out, one of our favorite place some of our best pictures together taken here.
Spend a couple of hours here
Zoned gardens, lovely to stroll about and inside the dome was quite unique. Also an excellent view from the top of the dome.
Expensive for a botanical garden but a few good exhibits
The Botanical gardens is set up in to different gardens and a large doom/ indoor area set up into zones. The plants on show were very nice but I have seen a lot better. This could be because of the South Korea climate. Look at the surface and it's well kept then you notice dirty water in the ponds. What I did enjoy was watching some of the workers weed some of the areas they are so methodical. As we were part of a day tour this was just one of our many stops and our time was limited. Perhaps I would have enjoyed it more if I didn't have such a tight schedule. I would rate this attraction as Good but there isn't a good rating and average would do it a disjustice. I thought the entrance fee to be very high considering the country it's in. You don't pay much more to go in Kew Gardens, London's Botanical garden that can actually take you days to get round.
everything green))
Great place to enjoy walking and see different species of plants, trees, we enjoy palms, something special, very quiet place
Past its prime
For a rather expensive entrance fee of KRW9,000, was somewhat disappointed with what it offered. Basically, the park is divided into 2 main areas, the inner garden and the outdoor garden. The inner garden is essentially the large glasshouse, with different sections of the glasshouse each housing a different theme, i.e. cactus garden, flower garden, aquatic garden, etc. In the centre of the glasshouse, you can take the lift / stairs to the top, where you can get a panoramic view of the entire estate. The sight was rather impressive, but the glasshouse did not seem to be maintained well. The outdoor garden is basically the land around the glasshouse. It is divided into various gardens with different themes (i.e. Korean, Japanese, etc.). In general, they were rather uninspiring and gimmicky. The French Garden was ok, but like the rest of the park, didn't seem to be maintained very well.There is a train that goes round the garden but when we tried to board it, we were told that we needed another ticket. Quite disappointing after having paid a hefty entrance fee. We decided to just walk instead.All in all, the park seems past its prime, and maintenance could have been better. I'd imagine that it was quite grand when it was first built.. especially the glasshouse.
Garden Delight
A lovely place to visit with lovely areas for all types of visitor. Especially family friendly and particularly beautiful first thing in the morning.
"Wonderful Graden"
For those who loves nature.. This is where you can see plants you've never seen before. The area was so huge but it did not deter us from walking and exploring. They kids also loved the exotic plants and were excited to see the carnivorous plants that were indoors.
Beautiful Garden
This garden was well maintained with a wide range of flowers, plants and cactus. Relax and take a slow walk to admire the surrounding. A nice attraction not to be missed if you like garden.
World Gardens in One Park
The park is divided to theme gardens from different areas (China, Japan, Italy, ...) Huge greenhouse has tropical fruit in glass domes so yo can learn how cocoa and bananas grow. There are also glass-fibre dinosaurs and crocodiles hiding in some of the more jungle-like parts. From the viewing platform you can see all the gardens and surroundings. Place was a must-do for schools trippers, who were plenty when I visited. A relaxing stroll in beautiful surrounding.
Well maintained...
I would not call it a must see attraction, but go there if you have spare time. I really liked their collection of cacti and insectivorous plants. The glasshouse arrangement is really impressive. The tropical section had fruit-bearing mango trees which was a sight to behold (inside the glasshouse). The French garden, the Italian garden, etc are good for a stroll. Didn't find anything there specifically impressive.
wish we had more time
Every theme garden was in the peak of health and beauty.Allow several hours. Inside and outside gardens.Great view from the top of the tower.
Overpriced.
8000 KRW for entry, it makes Yeomiji one of the most expensive attractions on Jeju Island. The Italian Garden was a laughing stock and several of its gardens are in a terrible state.The only redeeming attraction of this place is its glass dome which has tropical gardens etc. However, if you are on a short trip in Jeju, you should give this place a miss and go see some real nature outside.
Yeomiji Botanical Garden
Shows good selection of plants from various regions. Good organization of displays. Conveniently located near Hotel. Provided relaxed pace in touring the place. But limited information provided on plants.
Great place to spend a rainy day!
This was one of the only attractions that was open the day after Typhoon Bolaven moved away from Jeju this summer. On the day after there was still some strong wind and it was overcast, but people were out clearing debris off the roadways and sidewalks. Our hotel called ahead to this Botanical Garden and they said they were open, so we took the bus over and sure enough it was! It was a huge greenhouse building with an observation area at the top you can climb stairs to and see all over the area including the ocean. There were different climate areas inside with plants from that part of the world (jungle, dessert, local climate, flowers, etc), a small cafe with coffee and ice cream, some shops, and restrooms inside. Outside there were nice grounds with a big grassy area where people could sit, and other themed gardens (Korean, Japanese, French, Italian). Very pretty. Signs inside in English and Korean and Chinese describe some of the plants.  There were lockers inside for rent with coins. They weren't huge but we saw some backpackers taking a medium sized pack out of one.They were renovating part of the building but we didn't smell or hear anything bothersome. All in all it was a nice place to visit if it's raining or just post-typhoon outside, if you love plants, or have some extra time to see sights on Jeju.
Waste of time and money
I love visiting botanical gardens whenever i travel.  Unfortunately this is one of the poorer ones and I feel compelled to warn others!  With an entry charge of 7000 won per person, the value is low.Let's start with the greenhouse, it was just ok, nothing exciting.  During sunny days, the greenhouse is like a toasty oven as the ventilation is poor.  There is a variety of plants but they are not well organised or well kept.  Moreover, if you live in tropical parts of Asia, you would have seen most of the fruit trees and plants in neighbourhood backyards, which makes visiting it less exciting.Besides the greenhouse, there are themed areas - e.g. Korean garden, Chinese garden, French garden etc.  I was excited to see these options but after seeing what there was at the Korean and Chinese gardens, i just gave up on the rest.  I don't have the confidence the others will be worth the time.Management of the garden needs to be improved.  When I was there, they were renovating the entrance to the greenhouse.  As a result, the smell from the paint, varnish or whatever that toxic smelling thing is, is overwhelming.  Also, there was lots of noise.  Garden management would have better managed the renovation or at least inform visitors there is renovation going on.  I tried to offer feedback to the folks at the ticket counter on my way out but they didn't seem to care.In summary, there is nothing much to see and the garden is not well taken care of (even if there is no renovation going on, I would have rated it 'Poor').  Go to this place only if you have nothing else to do.The only plus I can think of is ... parking at free!
Very Beutiful
I was fortunate enough to visit in the middle of summer on a beautiful hot day.  Very romantic and pretty.  A peaceful place which appeared to be very popular with a large number of tourists.
beautiful garden
The garden is huge and beautiful. Unfortunately, it was a rainy day when we visited the garden. Different variety of plants from different part of the world are collected in a dome. A full tour throughout the dome takes around 90 minutes. There is also an observatory above the dome for people to overlook the Jungmun Tourism Complex. Though the garden is huge, I found most of the plants are not native to Korea. It is a pity that foreign tourists can not know more native plants  by visiting this garden.
NIce Place to Learn About Local Flora
This botanical garden is a great place to learn about the local flora of Jeju and Korea.  The entrance fee is quite reasonable and there are lots of places to eat both inside and outside the garden.
Not much to see but a nice park
There really isn't much flora and fauna (this was in March) to speak of. Even indoor plants don't seem to flourish. The only nice thing about this place is there is a big park in which you can lie down on and enjoy the sun!
