Empty and good
There is no infrastructure and lifesaver all around. Good for walk at sunrise or sunset with nice in any direction :)
Great view
Great view of Soengsan Ilchulbong.  Beach changes colour from black to brown to yellow. There is aslo a small seafood restaurant with great food.
Magnificent sunrise
We were there in mid-March, hoping to see the mossy beach of Gwangchigi. Sadly we were out of luck. It was high tide then. But still the sunrise view was breathtakingly beautiful. Would certainly come back again to see the moss. Anyone knows when is the best time please suggest. Thanks in advance!
Ok Beach, but beautiful view of Seongsan Ilchulpeak and coast
This was a stop on our Yeha bus tour - East Course - we stopped for maybe 15 - 20 minutes and it was a beautiful spot to take some pictures and see Seongsan Ilchulpeak.
Best place to watch sunrise
Went there to watch sunrise with Sunrise Peak background and foreground with water and rock.  The beach is large and we could find a spot without disturbance of others.  However, there is no official car park space.
Hours of fun!
Gwangchigi Beach is hours of fun for the whole family; at low tide! My son (6yr) learned to navigate the moss on the rocks within minutes. No one, I repeat no one, got hurt. There was bird watching & go figure snail finding. An excellent morning/day/night.
A place to be when catching a view of Seongsan Ilchulbong with the sunrise behind it.
Its a relaxing to catch the sunrise here best if you have rented a car. There is also a coffee van which will be there around 6am. you can get yourself a hot drink or quick breakfast if the cold winds of the morning gets you!
Black sand, colourful rocks and marvellous view of Seongsan Ilchulbong
I chanced upon this wonderful beach along Ilchul-ro Road while my family and I were on our way to Breeze Bay Hotel. I returned to the beach in the late afternoon and my family and I went to the same spot again the next day early afternoon. On both occasions, I parked our car at a car park that’s got just a few cars. Gwangchigi Beach is very long and the spot that I was at was near to a erected stone put up by the Rotary International. The good part was that there were very few people on this secluded beach. The better part was that Gwangchigi Beach is a black sand beach (yes, we finally experienced a black sand beach). The best part was the beach offers a marvellous view of the south-western face of Seongsan Ilchulbong. Using a pair of binoculars or a telephoto camera lens, you could see visitors climbing the stairways as well as the summit of Seongsan Ilchulbong.Moreover, walk along the beach and you will find unusual rocks and rock terrain just beyond the black sand. I believe the rocks arose from the explosion of an underwater volcano long time again that created the Seongsan Ilchulbong. During the late afternoon or sunset, the sunlight produced a beautiful array of black, brown, orange and green (algae-covered) colours of these rocks. Because late afternoon is where low tide occurs, the sea water was trapped within the rocks as ‘ponds’ – and there were beautiful reflections of Seongsan Ilchulbong on the still water. Alternatively, you could walk on the rough brown ‘mat’ (not sure what’s the material) that was laid on the grass. It was along this mat path that I saw a horse that was tied to a pole. I guessed the horse was used for horse-riding but I didn’t see such activity as it was already past 5 o’clock in the afternoon.Gwangchigi Beach is one beach in Jeju that is under-rated and not well known. It warrants being among the top 10 beaches in Jeju. Anyway, I recommend visiting it as part of the Seongsan Ilchulbong experience.
Beach near Seongsan Ilcubong
Gwangchigi Beach is a beach near Seongsan Ilchulbong.We park our rental car on the side road.There are a few cars & tourist bus park along the road.We can see beautiful view of Seongsan Ilchulbong from this beach. The beach is long and it has black sand.The beach is unique to it own because of the green stone/rock at the shore.It produce picturesque photo because the green stone contrast with the blue sea.This beach appears on drama Warm & Cozy starred by Kang Sora and Yoo Yeonseok.
