Unique experience but expensive
Bunker de Lumieres is a bunker with the images of the works by the featured artist projected on all sides of the walls.  The display alternated between 30 minutes of Vincent Van Gogh works and 10 minutes of Paul Gaugain.  The images were absolutely stunning and it didn’t take long to get into an almost hypnotic state staring at the moving images.  The calm music playing enhanced the experience.  The Van Gogh part was definitely more entertaining because of the familiarity factor.  Other than the relatively remote location along with the steep entrance fee, it was a worthwhile visit and a unique way to appreciate some well known fine art.
I've been wanting to stay here.
t's really nice here. I didn't expect much from my mother even before I arrived, but it was really good.  Gogh and Gauguin's works are reconstructed  with light. And I didn't realize the time was passing. If you have a chance, go there!
Visually stunning
Thoroughly enjoyed this gallery. Visually spectacular especially with accompanying music. A very different way to view art.
Incredible!
Very well put together with a fantastic collection of music which really compliments the art making it a fully immersive experience. Well worth a visit.
Van Gogh at Bunker De Lumiered
Don't miss this show if u are in Jeju. Only available & performing until October 2020....awesome immersive show.  @ 빛의 벙커 Bunker de Lumières. The floors and walls become the canvas of this highly immersive digital art that come to life, as Van Gogh's art work are displayed all over and synchronised with beautiful clasical music. Definitely worth the more than an hour show.We enjoyed it tremendously!
Expensive and unable to cope with visitor numbers
Entrance was KRW15,000 which was extremely expensive for the show. There are simply not the facilities here to walk with the number of visitors and the parking is extremely limited so you have to park on the main road and walk quite some distance to reach it.  Expect no support from staff in any language except korean.
Get bored after a while
The experience is new and the music is nice. However, I go bored after some time because I am not a art person and do not quite grasp what the artists are trying to express. Driving through narrow road to get there.
