Horrible service experience at the restaurant named “Gapado Yonggung House” (가파도 용궁정식&민박)
This is the second time my family and I have visited Gapado Island since we had a good experience during our first visit back in November of last year. Unfortunately, our image of Gapado overall is now completely ruined due to an extremely unpleasant experience at the restaurant named “Gapado Yonggung House” (가파도 용궁정식&민박) Upon arriving at the port at Gapado, we saw many restaurant advertisement posters. We found one restaurant poster with nice food images, so I called the restaurant to get directions. The owner (male) who answered the phone was quite unfriendly and told me bluntly to just look them up on naver map and find our way. He said that even if they give me directions, I wouldn’t know they are located. So my family and I found our own way to the restaurant after a 20 minute walk. It turned out that this restaurant was located furthest away in Gapado Island. We ordered our meal and started to set our own plastic ware. Due to Covid-19 sensitive period, we always bring our own disposable chopsticks, spoon and paper cups to restaurants. The owner (lady) out of the blue bluntly asked us if we bought our own cups in a rather accusing manner. We said yes we brought these cups and asked “why do you ask?”, to which she said “Oh, we have some cups in our kitchen and wondered if you took them” I found this question to be rather offensive as I feel she was insinuating or implying that we just took (or stole) them from their kitchen without their knowledge. However, we overlooked her strange question and went about eating our meal. We then wanted to order soft drinks. However, I could see that all staffs, owners included looked quite busy. Therefore, in my attempt to be helpful, I went to the fridge and removed two soft drinks from the fridge while at the same time informing the owners of my action of taking the 2 drinks, to which they acknowledged. To be perfectly clear, I was telling them to charge me for the 2 soft drinks I was taking. However, only a few minutes after this action, I overhear the lady owner speak to her employee in a very loud voice to not stock up the fridge with so many soft drinks because people keep taking them from the fridge, while she herself was removing half the stock from the fridge and putting them away in the back storage. At that moment, I felt she was saying this intentionally to let me hear her, as her way of telling me that she was not pleased with the fact that I have removed the 2 soft drinks directly from the fridge. So at that point, I told the lady owner that I wanted to clarify that when I took the drinks from the fridge, I was telling her to charge me for it and that it didn’t feel nice to hear her make that comment so intentionally. This is when we have experienced the most horrifying and unnatural turn of events. The lady owner got extremely angry at me and started yelling and shouting at me saying that she wasn’t talking about me, that she was talking about her other guests, etc. She could have very easily cleared up my mis-understanding in one nice sentence. Rather, she was ready to bite my head off and was talking (more like yelling, shouting) at me ten times louder than my voice. I was so shocked by her behavior that I said I just wanted to clarify any potential mis-understanding about my taking the soft drinks, which I was telling them to charge me for, and that I actually did that as a gesture to be helpful since they looked so busy (obviously a huge mis-judgement on my part).  The lady owner would not let this go and kept on yelling and arguing with me, her voice escalating louder and louder every second. I told the owner that we took the time to visit their restaurant and did not appreciate being treated like this. To this comment, the male owner jumped in and said that fact has nothing to do with this matter. Neither the lady nor the male owner offered one single word of apology nor made any attempts to provide explanation for their rude behavior, nor try to rectify this intense situation. The lady owner having her say just ran off and hid in her room after having her furious tantrum with us. Although extremely disturbed by what just happened, as we have never experienced such rudeness ever in our entire lives, we still managed to complete the remainder of the meal in silence, all the while feeling ill at ease and uncomfortable. (FYI, my entire family and I suffered from indigestion later this same day due to this incident). After the meal, I paid for it at the counter and left the restaurant with my family, and not one single person at the restaurant acknowledged that we were leaving their restaurant, and no one (owners, staffs) even bothered to say a simple “thank you or goodbye”. I am a firm believer that the most important part of any meal at any restaurant is quality of service. However, the level of horrible service we have experienced from this restaurant is completely unacceptable. From the many restaurants we could have chosen from at Gapado Island, I certainly feel choosing this restaurant is the one mistake I will live to regret. This unpleasant and rude encounter was bad enough to leave a bad image of the entire Gapado Island for us, while at the same time ruined a perfectly peaceful and happy family trip. All in all, it was a very unpleasant experience from beginning till the end at this restaurant, and I strongly do not recommend this restaurant to anyone visiting Gapado Island.
Nice 2-3 hour trip
One of the Olle-gil trails (trail 10-1 to be exact) goes through and around most of the island although two or three hours are enough to walk on every single path on the island.  The island is mostly covered by wheat fields with two small villages at two ends of a main road that bisects the island.  Several houses on the main road are decorated with informative murals that describe the culture and history of Gapado making it an interesting walk.  The center of the island has a view point about 20 meters above ground that’s not much different from seeing things at ground level.  Handful of Harubang statues and some rapeseed flower fields make some good photo spots.  Other than the few dozen houses, the small elementary school is the only notable building.  As it only takes a couple of hours to walk around the entire island, eating a meal is about the only other thing to do.  Few seafood restaurants serve up some raw fish but the Gapado Haemul Jjajang restaurant was the most popular spot during my trip serving up Koreanized Chinese food with plentiful seafood toppings on the jjampong (spicy broth noodles) and jjajangmyeon (black bean noodles).
Great place
This is not as well known as Udo and having visited Udo prior, I was equallly impressed with Gapado. I was there for the green barley festival but it was already mid May so the fields weren’t green. I think week 1-2 of April may be a better time to visit. It’s easy to walk around the island and you won’t need to rent bikes.
A pretty little place to stroll
The island was recommended by a friend, it’s fairly small with gorgeous ocean views. You can hire bikes to ride around the island, we chose not to and just took a slow stroll around stopping at one of the many pavilions facing out to sea for some lunch with a view. If you are a seafood lover you’ll be in heaven with several places to eat freshly prepared food however if you don’t eat seafood I’d recommend taking something with you (we had been warned). The green barley festival was on while we were there so lots of fields to see and take photos in. A perfect way to spend 3 hours in the sun (be warned there is no shady spots except for the pavilions so take a hat or buy one from the locals like I did)
Gapado Seafood Noodle! must eat!
Every year there is a Green Barley Festival in April till Early May. So beautiful.There is a place called Gapado Seafood Jjajang & Jjampon restaurant other side of the port. This place has been on the Korean TV show for many times.They put so many different fresh hand caught seafoods and different kinds of seaweeds on the noodle. During the peak time when there is a Festival going on, a bit of waiting, however It's definitely a must try place which is the most famous restaurant in this island.
need to visit! wonderful island!
It needs not only to describe better to feel it! so many emotions which aare describes only one word is: Woow!
Bring Your Passport!!
The 1 star is not a reflection of Gapado but of the ferry company's bureaucracy.  Travelled all the way to Moseulpo to get ferry across to Gapado this morning only to be told at the ticket office, after we completed the registration forms, that we must also show our passports before they sell us tickets. Can't understand the logic of this - it's only a 20 minute domestic journey- and very frustrating as no mention anywhere of this requirement. Even Seogwipo tourist office staff made no mention when we enquired on timings etc. Very disappointed....
A very small island worth traveling to for a few hours.
It's a place that is almost carbon-free. Electric cars, wind and solar panels are used for energy. It's small enough to travel around on foot or rent a bicycle. A ferry from Jeju takes about 20 minutes. Nice local restaurants to try.
Green, gold and 50 shades of blue...Jeju's Neighbor, Gapado--home of Gapa Barley Festival
If it’s springtime—or even summer or fall-- that means it’s also time to think about visiting beautiful Gapado, or Gapa Island, which sits just off the southwestern tip of the Korean resort island of Jeju.   Located some 5.5 km (3.42 mi.) offshore, Gapado is a quick ferry run from the port village of Moseulpo (maybe 20 min.)Gapado nearly got the distinction of being South Korea’s southern-most point, but that title went to nearby Marado.  Some tourists want to go there just to say they’ve been, but Gapado is noteworthy in its own right.  Gapada is home on its .84 sq. km  to about 250 residents.  The island has a picturesque school, a church and a Buddhist temple.  There are a couple Korean restaurants and small stores.  But, it’s a good idea to take bottled water and snacks with you, particularly if you plan to hike or bike all the way around the island.  You can bring your own bike, or perhaps rent one there.  Walking (Gapado has a 5k hiking trail that is part of Jeju’s famous Olle Course) or biking/electric scooter likely will be your only transportation choices, as there are no fossil-fueled vehicles on Gapado… But more about that in a bit.What makes it so special there?  Gapado offers spectacular views of the iconic mountain peaks or “sans” back to the north on Jeju, including Sanbangsan, Gunsan, Songaksan, Gogeunsan, Dansan and the Big Daddy of All Sans, Halla…the massive, central shield volcano that formed Jeju Island and the highest peak in South Korea.Equally impressive are Gapado’s golden-green barley fields, surrounded by traditional “batdam” stone agricultural walls.  The crop begins sprouting in late winter and reaches its full glory in late spring.  Gapado’s tradition of barley cultivation dates back to the 1840s and is celebrated annually with the Gapa Green Barley Festival. (Dates for 2015 are April 18- May 10.)Back to that transportation thing…well, barley is not the only thing green about Gapado.  Wind turbines, solar panels and other renewable, sustainable forms of energy are now being used on the island as part of a plan to make it one of the world’s first carbon-free islands, maybe THE first…. Summing up:  Good points:  outstanding natural beauty and photo ops in all directions; fresh air; clear aqua-hued seas that reveal black lava rocks; abundant hiking; colorful neighborhoods festooned with murals, recycled art and traditional Korean cultural artifacts;  site of annual Gapa Green Barley Festival  (April 18-May 10, 2015)Be sure to have on hand:  bottled water and small snacks; comfortable shoes; sunblock;  sunglasses; and a hat that won’t blow off easily; a stroller for very young children, layered clothing for coolish days.  There is little shade on the island, so be on guard against dehydration or sunburn on those hot or even excessively windy days.  Getting there:  Take an Intercity Bus from most points on Jeju Island to Seogwipo Main Terminal, and from there, a local bus to Moseulpo .  There is a short walk to the ferry from the busstop.  Ferries generally run twice a day, but as schedules and fares can change, it’s probably best to check for specifics through the Korean Travel Hotline: dial 1330 in country or outside Korea: +82-2-1330 or 1339 (Korean, English, Japanese, Chinese)
