We had a great time here....
Hope we could go back here in different seasons because of the view and experienced that we had. Train ride was awesome. Alot at least 4 hrs.for the instagram photos ;-)
Pleasant stop
Need only about 2 hours here.   Combination of botanical gardens and kids amusement park.  Pleasant way to take a walk through wooded areas on Jeju island
Different Sceneries
A very huge place. You need to  check on the weather before going to the place so that you will have a splendid moment.
Worth a visit
We enjoy the visit. The place looks magical. We couple enjoy it and so thus our young adult kid and 9 year kid. Each of the stop is worth the visit. There are coffee shop and snacks in each of the stop.The best stop is the last stop wherein there are so many beautiful flowers fully landscape and so good to take pictures. We visited autumn. The place is clean the restrooms are clean. I love their coffee its worth the visit.
Beautiful Place
A very nicely organized theme park with different views at different stations. If you like to take pictures, a good half day can be spent there.
Good way to see some nature trails with kids or those who can’t walk too well
If you want to see some nature trails but can’t do long distances over natural rocky ground, then this will suit. The train ride to each destination makes it easy to travel. The walks are well groomed. Plentiful toilets. There are some theme park like features, such as boats & a pirate ship, to keep the young ones entertained along the way (at extra cost for some).
Great outdoor place for kids and family-fun locomotive train!
Great place for kids and a family-went with 1 year old and 3 year old and both had a blast. It’s 12,000 per adult and 10,000 (Korean Won) for entrance and you ride a train to 3 different stations. We only stayed at the first station as we didn’t want to skip naps but it was wonderful-big open areas to run through and lots of nature. Can be congested at points but runs smoothly and big enough to find some space to yourselves as well. Didn’t check out toilets/facilities as it smelled a little funny but run very smoothly-not chaotic or anything even during Chinese National holiday week and the first sunny day in a few. The staff was all friendly and we were so glad we went!
Good for a family day out, green and refreshing
Good to visit with family and children. the train ride takes you to different spots where you can relax and enjoy the natural beauty. Access to many areas are restricted and you need to stay within the designated areas. Staff are very helpful and polite. lots of cafes around to rest and have a quick bite.
Maybe it’s winter so...
There is nothing much to see at all. Bare trees and plants. And super cold in March. The only fun to do is the train ride that’s about all.
Interesting sights
Ice covered trees provided a beautiful vista and provided lovely background for photos.  Train rides from site to site made it easy to get around and enjoy park.
Tickets from $7.50
Tickets from $7.50
Tickets from $7.50
Worth Visiting!
Entrance fee is 10,000KRW.I visited during Spring and the place is so beautiful with flowers all around! Daisy, roses, lavender are everywhere. It's so breathtaking!The place is divided into 3 parts, and they take you to these places via train. The train will stopped at each stop and you can get down to visit and explore the places and get on to the next trip of train to get to next destination.Their ice cream is good too! Tasty and fresh! Worth trying.Good place to enjoy beautiful scenery. The air is so fresh and you could really enjoy your time here.We visited this place for like 2 hours.
Ecoland South Korea
A group of 22 of us went to South Korea from 13 - 20 April 2014.  We visited Ecoland Theme Park after our flight from Jeju Island. If you have seern Disneyland  in California, you wil;l; have some idea of what to expect from Ecoland.  However, when we were there, there was this tulip festival.  So we got to see tulips of various colours in a number of places, particularly  near the entrance. Overall, the theme park is an exciting place to visit.  I have one grouse to make.  We lined up like everyone else for the safari park ride on the bus.  Guess what? Instead of our turn to get on the bus, the ushers pushed us aside and gave some other tourists (locals I think) preference to get onto the bus.  In all my life, I have never been humiliated this way.  Come on South Korea, especially Ecoland.  You are developed country.  Civilsed society don't treat tourists to your country like that. There were not  many animals in the park.  Safari Park Indonesia beats you flat.  I like tthough the bus driver got the bears to stand to get food thrown to them.
I mean, it's kinda cool...
Attractions are fun and relatively interesting, but I'm just not sure if it's worth getting trampled by Chinese tourists. Wouldn't recommend to anyone.
Worstest attraction I'VE EVER BEEN!!!!
Don't know go to this place,it's expensive and there is nothing to see,I went in March(2015),basically you pay for a 30min train ride though a forrest,no flowers,no grass,just a windmill and an old boat,then the picnic area was rubbish,awful,waste my money and time.
Great Steam Train Experience
My kids request for it & quite excited at 1st. The excitement last for the 1st train ride & once we got off the 1st station & need to walk nearly 1km the kids mood just went sour. Then it becomes a more sour when you need to wait for the next train & need to fight for a seat. They're several trains runs every 15-20m if i'm not mistaken. If you missed one you need to wait till the next train. There is no ticket system while waiting for the train & one must grab the seats. So for me with a 2 kids & a baby it was just very hard. Luckily we stayed at the far front of the track station. We managed to get the train & never get off till the end of the station. We went during end of spring. Nothing much to see. Some flowers & i think it will be a great view during summer. Pro's : A great way to relax while enjoying the ride. Con's : You need to walk a lot. The truth is the train tracks was just goes around the same land. 1st come 1st serve basic when taking on the trains. Not stroller friendly.  Tip's : If you have a tight schedule, just stay on the train. Don't go off.
We had a great time here....
Hope we could go back here in different seasons because of the view and experienced that we had. Train ride was awesome. Alot at least 4 hrs.for the instagram photos ;-)
Worth a visit
We enjoy the visit. The place looks magical. We couple enjoy it and so thus our young adult kid and 9 year kid. Each of the stop is worth the visit. There are coffee shop and snacks in each of the stop.The best stop is the last stop wherein there are so many beautiful flowers fully landscape and so good to take pictures. We visited autumn. The place is clean the restrooms are clean. I love their coffee its worth the visit.
Good way to see some nature trails with kids or those who can’t walk too well
If you want to see some nature trails but can’t do long distances over natural rocky ground, then this will suit. The train ride to each destination makes it easy to travel. The walks are well groomed. Plentiful toilets. There are some theme park like features, such as boats & a pirate ship, to keep the young ones entertained along the way (at extra cost for some).
Disappointment
Read mixed reviews about this place.However decided to go ahead to visit.Disappointed as it was very man made.The only thing that was natural was probably the short walk through the forest.Personal opinion would be that it’s not worth the visit for the price.
Very nice and romantic theme park
We visited just right before winter ends, so the timing was perfect. Make sure that you come early in the morning as the crowd builds up quickly.
Tickets from $7.50
Nice time outdoors
This was a nice place in Jeju to take the kids, preferably in cooler weather because we went in July, and we were dying.  Besides the weather, everything else was nice.  There's a train that will take you to different stations.  We only stopped at stations 2 and 3 because we brought our boys ages 5 and 7, and those stations had more stuff for them to enjoy.  We probably could have stopped at all stations, but it really was just so hot!  There were lots of places for photo ops, whether all cute or nature-like.  The restaurant at the main building was very limited in the food that they sell.  We ended up eating light food at station 2's cafe and also got drinks at station 3.  All the staff there were very friendly and seemed to enjoy their work.  Overall, nice place to visit.  Oh one warning though, our rental car's GPS brought us to different places even though we entered the correct phone number and even when we asked someone for help and they entered it in Korean.  Just make sure you research how to get there because it was very frustrating for us.
Interesting but need maintenance for some areas
It's a nice place and interesting concept but some of the attractions seem run down and nothing much to see.. It's good to go with kids to explore the fresh air or play area , got spare time or if u on tour good to pay a visit . If not there are many other places in Jeju with nice scenery to visit ..
Suitable for family
It will be very nice if you travel with your kids to educate them about ecosystem. Quite boring if you travel in couple and if you from a more natural place like malaysia
Pleasant stop
Need only about 2 hours here.   Combination of botanical gardens and kids amusement park.  Pleasant way to take a walk through wooded areas on Jeju island
Maybe it’s winter so...
There is nothing much to see at all. Bare trees and plants. And super cold in March. The only fun to do is the train ride that’s about all.
Great day spent outside with good  weather
It was a good experience for me family with 2 children as they enjoyed ut the most. Weather as a bit chilly even during autumn, so bring extra layers with you so that you can get confortable. The train ride at the start of the trip really feels like the highlight of the trip, although you can board the train on and off later to get from one garden to another. There are 5 stops for you to stroll around, toilets, cafes and other facilities are available and very much well taken care off. We had a great time all in all. Highly recommended to friends and families.
Beautiful landscape
Unfortunately, when we arrived it was a raining day (moderate) but we managed to cover the whole place. 4 train stations/stops. Each station shows a different landscape and beauty. 3rd stop (flower) there is a hot footbath area to relax before leaving the area. We took the walking trail to the 4th stop and enjoy the forested route and chilling day after the rain. Entrance ticket is KRW12,000/pax (group of 5 & above)
Just a park
Nothing much about the park that wow me. Supposed to have full bloom in of the stations, but nothing at all. quite disappointed though. Will not return after 1 visit.
Nice Place
Visited with wife and found it to ba a nice place and relaxing.did the train ride and was fun.This place I think would be great if visiting with young children
Perfect place to relax and enjoy nature with kids!
Ecoland is a great place to hangout if you're traveling with a family and have kids in Jeju island. Lots of activities centered around kids at Ecoland. You buy a train pass for 12,000KRW and it takes you to 4 different stations with each stop has a different theme. Definitely a great to place to enjoy nature and have relaxing time with the kids. Train rides is short 5-7 mins between each station! Enjoy your vacation in Jeju!
Tickets from $7.50
Too crowded and mostly man made
A pleasant theme park with train rides around 4 stations. As it's summer, can see entire fields of flowers.Lots of man made structures and buildings for educational purposes.But does not really fit in its Eco Land theme and can be too crowded in weekends
Relaxing and enjoyable
Not so much of a theme park, there isn't any rides apart from a train. But we had fun there, many gardens, landscapes and things to see. We walked the long Eco trail. The place is well maintained and clean. Wouldn't advise to go in winter tho, as many of the flowers won't be in bloom.
Close to nature
If you love nature, this is a place you should visit. Nothing much to do , basically just walking and taking photos. But I personally love it ,because you can't find such a relaxing place back in a big city. It's good to visit during colder days.
Large park
This attraction is not theme ark but a large garden. In my opinion station 1 and 4 is the best area for taking photo. Down from the train at Station 1 and take a walk aroud 15 minutes to station 2 and take lots of picture :)
Relaxing train ride
Engaged a taxi driver to get here.  When you arrive, you need to buy tickets to enter the park.  Although the sun was out, it was also raining, so we didn't enjoy the Park as much as we could have done.  The train was a hop on/hop off style and had it not been raining, we probably would have explored more at each stop. As it was, we needed to stay under cover of the train!  Would only recommend going to this place on a rainless day!
Very touristy but nature lovers will enjoy
We went there with a tour so we didn't wait at entrance. Very pleasant walk, and small train ride, but gets a bit crowded.
Big Park With Nice Walking Area
This Eco Land is nice and Comfortable for doing Recreation.  Relaxing and Quiet Place to visit.  They also provide Train Inside the Park.   The Train come every 5-10 minutes Here we can decide which area we want to go.  There are area with Park, Lake, Holland Decoration.  There also a place that we can do Recreation with Family Complete with the children playgrond area.  They also have Garden with some Flowers, such as Lavender, Tulips, etc.  They also have Place to have some snack like coffee, churros, ice cream.  Enjoyable place to relax and need some time to enjoy all the area.  Good to Visit.
We just didn't get "it"
Expensive for what it is. It appeared that people love it, but we thought it was average at best. (Disclaimer: American perspective)
Bare in winter
Experience⭐⭐Advisable not to go in winter as there's nothing to do except explore a dirty, sandy "shipwreck" and ride a train ride. Probably the train ride was the best part. The pond has some fishes but that's about all...
Nice Nature Walk
This place was nice to walk around and relax. Don't go here and expect to see anything crazy or exciting. It is more or less a nature walk. If you are into photography, it is a great place to visit.
Tickets from $7.50
A photo worthy pretty place!
It's a very pretty place! Definitely worth visiting! Will be better if we have more time there to take more photos~Basically its like a mini land with their own little train with many stopovers.Good place to take lots of photos with cute little stuffs!But a pity some of the area is close in March when we visit.For full review: http://wanderer.summeree.com/travel/korea/jeju/ecoland-theme-park/
worth to come
i was spending 4 days on jeju island and i went Ecoland in the 2nd day morning. the entry fee is WON12,000 per head. parking is free. You will like here if you like tree and nature environment. the weather was nice when i visited . therefore, i took some beautiful pictures. and i also had a quick lunch here.
Fun Place to Explore
there are many things to enjoy including Eco Bridge, Hovercraft, Eco Windmill, Picnic Garden, Kid’s Town, Eco Road, Bare Foot Scoria, Lavender Garden (season) & etc
Not much to see
The title Theme Park may confuse some people. This is not an amusement park, just some natural park with lots of greenery, ponds, windmill, etc. You get on a train that takes you around the park, stopping at several stops where you can get off and later get on the train to move on to the next stop. Honestly, the park is just okay. Not much to see or do here.  I recommend you save your time and find other, more interesting attraction in Jeju
Was alright nothing special
The visit to Eco land was part of a tour, we liked the train ride the best, there were some nice spots to get off and take pictures of but other than that there was not much to do.
For anyone that like train ride
Great for kids and any others that like train ride.You will be taking a small train ride through beautiful natural forests. Some walking is require in between stations, but just have fun and enjoy what nature brings. Take pictures of mini lake... the water is clear, windmills, grassy fields, pirate ship and not to miss the last stop with beautiful tulips.
Different Sceneries
A very huge place. You need to  check on the weather before going to the place so that you will have a splendid moment.
Beautiful Place
A very nicely organized theme park with different views at different stations. If you like to take pictures, a good half day can be spent there.
Great outdoor place for kids and family-fun locomotive train!
Great place for kids and a family-went with 1 year old and 3 year old and both had a blast. It’s 12,000 per adult and 10,000 (Korean Won) for entrance and you ride a train to 3 different stations. We only stayed at the first station as we didn’t want to skip naps but it was wonderful-big open areas to run through and lots of nature. Can be congested at points but runs smoothly and big enough to find some space to yourselves as well. Didn’t check out toilets/facilities as it smelled a little funny but run very smoothly-not chaotic or anything even during Chinese National holiday week and the first sunny day in a few. The staff was all friendly and we were so glad we went!
Good for a family day out, green and refreshing
Good to visit with family and children. the train ride takes you to different spots where you can relax and enjoy the natural beauty. Access to many areas are restricted and you need to stay within the designated areas. Staff are very helpful and polite. lots of cafes around to rest and have a quick bite.
Tickets from $7.50
Interesting sights
Ice covered trees provided a beautiful vista and provided lovely background for photos.  Train rides from site to site made it easy to get around and enjoy park.
Fun experience
Eco Land Theme Park - A great fun day trip is a must here, I recommend to go with friends or family.
Nice theme park
Very nice place and worth a visit. It will require you around 2 to 3 hours to visit the entire park. Train ride is nice too. Beautiful scenery. Love how the park or each train stop has different theme. It maybe very hot during sumer time
Nice Train Ride
The park will appeal more for kids rather than adults. The train ride provides a nice experience and there are some attractions in the park that caters for children. The tour in the park took us about 3 hours to finish.
Nice Place
This park has many nice attractions featuring nature and props for photo moment. Personally, it will be great to visit during spring where the park is peppered with plentiful of flowers. There is very little shades and therefore kids need to have their sunblock on. My kids love trains and they had trains to bring them around between the stations. Great fun!Worth the visit but please do not expect it to be universal studio or Disneyland type of park.
Nice scenary
Enjoy the activity which is mainly train ride. December is quite cold and wish the centre to have more areas to warm up.
Nice train ride with scenic outdoor areas for picnics
For family with kids, this will be a nice to visit as there's a nice steam train ride which brings you around to many scenic areas within Eco Land. A nice break from all the nature views and long trekking walks.
For nature lovers
Its big, full of trees, nice view for taking pictures. Dont go there during holidays, lots of people, long queue for the service train that will bring you around. We didnt enjoyed the place coz its raining during our visit. The windmill area is beautiful, not so much flowers around coz its start of autumn. I think its better to visit during spring season.
Wonderful place to visit with children
There is a great deal to see and it was excellent for us as teachers with over 50 children in our group.
Nice and big park
Every one enjoy in eco land, a place can be visit if u like nature,can be reach by public transport, must pay entrance fee ,big park with train
Tickets from $7.50
Nothing spectacular
So plot of good sized land and put in a very rudimentary"Disneyland"train, windmills, galleon ship, ponds, streams, landscapes.  That's about it.  Yes many photo-ops but not much else to do.Yes weather was nice on day of our group tour, but probably won't seek this out if on my own.
Ordinary park, nothing special
Named as Eco-park but really artificial at all... Nothing special with ordinary decorations and plants. Fairly speaking, young children will enjoy the train ride but for adults/teenagers not worth spending time here...
A Nature Park
Eco Land Theme Park has different stations each station differs from the other with a theme. I Love 2nd station where the windmill is and noah's ark. it's a huge area for family and i love the train too.
Ecoland visiting!
By the time we visit Ecoland, it's already 4pm so  time limited as it closes at 5 pm!We took a long train that stop at every 4 places of visiting.In the first stop, we went through attraction on beautiful scenery and artistic work and went to another second stops to wait for the train. Then the train took us to third stops and another attraction artwork of beautiful small houses and Christmas artwork and many others.  Then we went to last stop that is garden which grows lavender,green tea and many types of flowers. It's a beautiful garden on the whole. On whole, I'll come to again another time again on next visit!
It was good, nothing special
You can't expect more from a park. It is good though but nothing special.During my visit, it was pouring and can't enjoy the place to much. The park was managed well but really nothing excited me when strolling around. There were some theme park there and we can using train from one place to another places. Yeah.. it was ok.
Good half day
Great for kids. A fair bit of walking if you want to everything but I would highly recommend it for kids up to 10.
GOOD for Photos
I went during autumn but seams not many changes is leafs color at that time. love the view, flower garden, took tons of good photos.
Relaxing and simple sights
A train ride that takes you from sight to sight, there is a gorgeous lake walk and a pretty garden, but sights are very simple and straightforward. Not a must-see.
Train ride
The purpose of my visit is for the train ride as my kid is crazy about that. It's really good and pleasant. We have so much fun just for the ride. I can see also some of the attractions along the ride, should be good as well if you visit those.
Recommended if you are with kids
The best part of this is all the nature surrounding you while on the train (which takes you everywhere) , the river, just the pretty landscape. I'm a teen and I definitely wouldn't go there again, it was boring for me except for the nice pictures of the landscape tbh. There's a windmill, a big pirate ship, picnic side. If you have kids they are gonna love it, trust me. I went with other families with kids and they completely enjoyed it. If you want to have a picnic, I suggest this place also cause even when it's crowded the picnic side is literally huge so you have all the space you need anyway.
Tickets from $7.50
