Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Absolutely nothing here
Couldn't even see any wildlife, not even seasonal or native birds. Not worth a trip here. You'd be better off heading to the Eorimok trail head to take a short stroll and breathing in the fresh mountain air there.
Phantastic part directly at the highway
Near to Halla mountain, a beautiful stop on the way between the north and south coast, little taril around a pond
Fogged over when we visited
We had only a metre of visibility when we went, it was cold, rainy and foggy. My review probably doesn’t do it justice, we were just super unlucky that day. Don’t visit on a rainy day. There is however a restaurant with an exhibition on top and there is a restroom too. We didn’t even bother with the walk as it looked gloomy and we couldn’t see much.
Popular with locals
Went there Sunday mid-morning. Car park was crowded with locals after /preparing for morning walk. Take a slow stroll to soak up nature's beauty. Boardwalk wide enough for wheelchair access.
Peace and Beauty
We have no idea that such place exist until we drove along the Hallasan range from North to the southern part of the island. Spotted the beauty along the road, we saw a parking space opposite the 1100 Altitude Wetland, decided to stop and take a look. There is a 1-km boardwalk which we stroll along the peaceful woods and admire the trees, stones, frozen stream, mountain range. As it is winter, we could not spot any birds, or wildlife.However, we are pleased with a little surprise that we have added a new destination of the day to our itinerary.
Good place before go to Mt hanla
We visited this 1100 when we cross from jeju to seogipo and it was good to see the beautiful nature. Because of time issue, we couldn't visit on top of Mt hanla.
1100고지 습지생태원
There is a good view at 1100m streetway of hanla mountain.in Winter day, you can see the snowflowers at hereby
Jeju's Highest Road:  Exotic Beauty, Wetlands & Ravens
On Jeju Island's Halla Mountain--at 1,950 meters, South Korea's tallest-- can be found Korea’s highest paved roadway, known as 1100 Meter Road or the 1100 Highland Rest Area.  There, you can take a self-paced nature hike on an elevated wooden walkway through a “volcanic” wetland; with its many lava rocks, trees and wildflowers, this place has an otherworldly beauty that you and your camera will love.  You’ll likely see lots of ravens, magpies and maybe some roe deer (be sure to stay alert for them along the highway if you are driving). Across the road, there’s a colorful café and shop, offering local beverage favorites and snacks, as well as souvenirs.  (They carry a good selection of galot clothing, made locally using persimmon-dyed fabrics.)  From the café’s observation deck, enjoy a perfect view of some of Halla’s most famous landmarks, including Yeongsil Folding Screen Rocks and the 500 Generals Rocks.This area takes on a very different character with each season, and locals often drive up to see the magnificent ice formations that form on the trees and rocks in the winter and spring, when Halla’s higher-elevation trails may be closed to hikers.  But it’s also a good choice for visitors who have limited time to climb, even when the higher trails are open, because it is possible to experience these incredible scenes at the 1100 Meter Road area.Not only is this a beautiful area, these days the 1100 Meter Highland is part of the Jeju Biosphere Reserve, a UNESCO and World Natural Heritage Site.A couple of points:  this attraction is actually located on Highway 1139, which will also take you past Eorimok, Yeongshil and Mysterious Road. You can drive or take an intercity-bus from either the Jeju City (north) or Jungman Resort area (south) side.  If you take a taxi, you should make a roundtrip reservation, allowing 1-2 hours there.  It’s a good idea to take at least a light jacket, even on a summer day, and for late fall to late spring, have a heavier coat, gloves and even a hat.  And don’t forget your shades and skin protection; even in winter, the sunlight can be strong on Hallasan.
