Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
the best place to feel nature 자연을 느낄 수 있는 최적의  장소
When I reached the top, I could  see a crater that I had not seen in any other climbs and felt very special! I felt like I was in a huge nature. The weather was not good on the day I went, but if I go on a fine day, I think I can take a very nice picture. The only bad thing was that the entrance fee is higher than other climbs, but it was not a waste of money because it was special compared to other climbs!정상에 올랐을 때, 다른 오름에서는 보지 못했던 분화구를 볼 수 있어서 매우 특별하게 느껴졌습니다! 마치 거대한 자연 속에 있는 것 같은 기분이 들었어요. 제가 갔던 날은 날씨가 좋지 않았지만, 날씨가 좋은 날 가면 아주 멋진 사진도 찍을 수 있을 것 같아요. 단 한 가지 아쉬웠던 점은 입장료가 다른 오름들에 비해 비싸다는 점인데, 다른 오름들에 비해 특별한 요소들이 있었기 때문에 때문에 돈이 아깝다는 생각이 들진 않았습니다!
Family trip
여기 풍경이 진짜 예뻐요. 겨울에 가면 억새밭을 볼 수 있는데 여름이랑은 완전 다른 매력이에요. 제주도에 온다면 꼭 방문했으면 좋겠어요! 그리고 여기 경사가 높으니까 올때 운동화 신는 걸 추천드려요. 구두신고오면 진짜 힘들것 같더라고요ㅠㅠㅠThis place was very beautiful.  In winter, you can see beautiful silver grass fields. It's a different charm than summer. If you visit Jeju Island, I recommend you to go here! You should wear sneakers when visit here. Because it's high that it's hard to climb up.
Photo spot
Two things to see here: 1) small dried up crater top that I didn't even notice after walked by. 2) a loop of man made path with silvergrass on both sides for photos. Quite crowded on my day of visit even silver grass is not uncommon in most park. Many locals come to catch the famous Korean TV series scenes for photos as the silver grass is in season.
Nice view
Weather was nice but windy and after a short (subjective!) walk on the steps up, we were rewarded with beautiful view of the sea and surrounding area. Worth a trip there.
A little crowded but worth visiting
It is great to visit in Autumn. I went there in the middle of October and it was sunny. No rain, not too much wind. You can see the field of silver grass which might capture your mind and heart (if it is your style). Great over all. Its near the forest trail so you can visit there too.
Golden-silver grass
This place was too awesome in Autumn.We spent there around 2 hrs because you will bring out the photographer/poser side of you there as our clicks were awesome.Its a volcanic crater yet greenish full of life.I was keen to know the history of this crater😁😂 after looking it.Its simple walk,you would enjoy cool breeze too.my 4yr old kid enjoyed it.
Silver Hills!
Everywhere was filled with silver grass. It was also a good walk from entrance to the hills with breathtaking view of the crater. Best place for photo opportunities. Perfect for those who love nature and fresh air.
Silver grass field in autumn
Went there in early autumn, the crater is covered with silver grass field, view is breathtaking especially during sunset, drop dead gorgeous!Suggest to wear comfortable shoes as you are expected to walk on some manmade rocky pathway. Parking is free and plenty of parking lots available. Entrance ticket is 6000 won for adult, kinda pricey given the area isn't big, but if you've never been there, it's totally worth visiting especially in autumn!
Visit if silver grass is in season
We visited the crater for the silver grass. They were plenty and gorgeous! We didn’t feel like living. Tonnes of photos don’t seem enough too 😆 crater itself was rather disappointing, couldn’t see much though.
Gorgeous silver grass
The place felt so magical with all the silver grass blooming all around. The whole area was smaller than expected but be prepared to spend a minimum of 1-2 hours here.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
the best place to feel nature 자연을 느낄 수 있는 최적의  장소
When I reached the top, I could  see a crater that I had not seen in any other climbs and felt very special! I felt like I was in a huge nature. The weather was not good on the day I went, but if I go on a fine day, I think I can take a very nice picture. The only bad thing was that the entrance fee is higher than other climbs, but it was not a waste of money because it was special compared to other climbs!정상에 올랐을 때, 다른 오름에서는 보지 못했던 분화구를 볼 수 있어서 매우 특별하게 느껴졌습니다! 마치 거대한 자연 속에 있는 것 같은 기분이 들었어요. 제가 갔던 날은 날씨가 좋지 않았지만, 날씨가 좋은 날 가면 아주 멋진 사진도 찍을 수 있을 것 같아요. 단 한 가지 아쉬웠던 점은 입장료가 다른 오름들에 비해 비싸다는 점인데, 다른 오름들에 비해 특별한 요소들이 있었기 때문에 때문에 돈이 아깝다는 생각이 들진 않았습니다!
Photo spot
Two things to see here: 1) small dried up crater top that I didn't even notice after walked by. 2) a loop of man made path with silvergrass on both sides for photos. Quite crowded on my day of visit even silver grass is not uncommon in most park. Many locals come to catch the famous Korean TV series scenes for photos as the silver grass is in season.
Family trip
여기 풍경이 진짜 예뻐요. 겨울에 가면 억새밭을 볼 수 있는데 여름이랑은 완전 다른 매력이에요. 제주도에 온다면 꼭 방문했으면 좋겠어요! 그리고 여기 경사가 높으니까 올때 운동화 신는 걸 추천드려요. 구두신고오면 진짜 힘들것 같더라고요ㅠㅠㅠThis place was very beautiful.  In winter, you can see beautiful silver grass fields. It's a different charm than summer. If you visit Jeju Island, I recommend you to go here! You should wear sneakers when visit here. Because it's high that it's hard to climb up.
Steep slope for young kids
Enjoyed every inch of this atttaction. The view at the top was breathtaking. Went during autumn,  its quite cold when theres wind.
Silvery purple grass in autumn
I really feel sorry for those went earlier this year and totally missed the beauty of the silvery purple grass we have not seen elsewhere. It is such an easy walk so even you push baby strollers, or having a baby buggy, it shouldn't be too difficult. Anyway, you probably stop Sao many times on the way to take photos so it is not a tiring climb.There's only one small snack place at the bottom but a few nice wooden picnic booth for people to rest.  We saw some Korean families enjoying their homemade kimba at the top enjoying the scenery. I think it's a great family trip for about one to two hours depending on the age difference in your group.Selfie stick is quite useful here if you want to post in from too the unique grass.  Obviously don't dress in silver (autumn time).After this we went on another 20~30 min to the world's biggest nutmeg forest which is on the way to the east coast (5 Day Market and Haenyeo Women Diver Museum) to,follow in the afternoon.
Not to go during spring
Nothing much view besides the crater. Seems not a good season to visit this place. We took just few photos and left in 30 minutes.
Gorgeous silver grass
The place felt so magical with all the silver grass blooming all around. The whole area was smaller than expected but be prepared to spend a minimum of 1-2 hours here.
Good Experience
This crater has so many place to take beautiful photos. This place is quite good for couples in their honeymoon.
Over Priced
While the Crater is interesting and as is usual presented well, by Korean standards the prices are excessive.There are many more things to see on Jeju for free (or a minimal charge) that I can't understand why this was so expensive.The grounds are attractive and the path well made.However it was not possible to get really close to the crater and I would have liked to walk the rim.I wouldn't bother including it on your itinerary, unless you are a fan of the drama that is shot there.
Beautiful scenery
Good place to take photos. Walk up the hill and you will be mesmerized by the beautiful scenery. Were were here during winter and it was very windy.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Pleasant, optional if you are tight on time
We came on a drizzling day. The crater is certainly big, and the walk was nice despite the rain. But it wasn't as impressive or memorable as other Jeu attractions like the Manjanggul Cave or Seongsan Ilchulbong. If you're right on time, this place is possibly skippable.
Must be at peak wheat season and autumn to be impressive but volcanic crater is cool.
We happened upon this place along the drive to Jeju Folk Village Museum (which is a must do). The Sangumburi entrance fee is expensive if not in season to see the wheat fields at their peak and the changing leaves of fall, I think it was 11,000won or $11. I recommend going to Chefline Park if you are seeing this April 2018. Entrance if free there and but no volcanic crater. We went here and there was construction going on and the wheat fields had been cut down. They should charge less when construction is going on and the field has been cut. The walk around the park only takes about 1 to 1.5 hours. There are some nice views and the crater is cool.
Visit in early spring
Rather disappointing. Only saw a big hole.There was no silver grass as the fields were barren. Rather pricey to just view a big hole 😅Must say though that the view of the mountains around is lovely. Place is tranquil and idyllic if you have time to kill.
Nice Place
Although we didn't manage to see the crater but the whole scenery was simply breathtaking. There were two Koreans dramas filmed here and thus for those KPoP fans it's worth to be there and take a photo! The air is fresh and cooling too.
Great Pampas Green Field
A field full of Pampas green around the Crater, but advise to go maybe during autumn season as the Pampas are not fully grown yet. The scenery is breathtaking. Korea drama was actually shoot here. Falling in love with nature...#산굼부리
What a waste of energy, money & time...
Looks like a small valley with trees. Unimpressed and to pay KRW6,000 for entrance per person, better to use the money to buy ourselves coffee.
comparatively big-size crater to small volcano
in spring and fall season this place give travellers fantastic view. but summer and winter i wouldn't recommend. why? it' small volcano but still mountain. so it's too cold and hot in summer and winter.
Sangumburi Crater
Visited Sangumburi Crater as our first stop from Jeju city centre. It was in the morning and was rather cooling and relaxing. Not much visitors at the time. Sangumburi Crater was one of my favorite attractions of Jeju (the other being Udo-bong). It was a short stroll along the way and viewing of the greenery and flowers.
Leisurely Crater View
Considering that the other craters type views Seongsan Ilchulbang (Sunrise Peak) and Hallasan are a ways up, and the seaside formations such as the Yongmeori Coast a slippery path of jumping about, the Sam-Gumburi Crater is nice and leisurely. The one place that seemed wheelchair friendly.It was also less crowded compared to the Seongsan Illchulbang so we really got to enjoy the nice leisurely walk up the small hill to see this crater. If you're a faster walker, you could probably do the whole thing in less than an hour (needless to say, we lazy walkers, took a little more than an hour). If you wanted to just roam about, you could spend a lot more time as well (there are different paths, one that's all stairs, one that is like a ramp, etc.). Anyways, this was probably the only geological tourist attraction that was wheelchair friendly and even seemed to have a few out in the front for rental. The ramp would be a bit steep but at least do-able. A lot of the other sites had either a lot of stairs/walking or way too many people for the elderly or others with bad knees to maneuver well.  Perhaps that's why we saw a number of couples with strollers.That said, this place had one of the most pricy admissions costs that we encountered. It is privately owned or something. So, instead of the usual 1,000-2,000KRW per person, we paid 6,000KRW per person. We were told that the place is nicer during the reed season, but we enjoyed the crater all the same. We'd recommended it to anyone looking to do a Jeju geotourist site without all the hard work.
Worth the stop
A compact park around a crater. Walk to the top and down the slope to various parts that can offer some quiet relaxation. The view is peaceful rather than spectacular but worth spending a couple of quiet hours.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Natural Monument
Sangumburi crater has a circum of over 2 km deserves its title of a Natural Monument. A must visit on Jeju island you can see the variety of plant-life in the crater. It was a great place to take pictures and has amazing views. It was really nice just to wander and admire the natural beauty of this place, a highlight of our Jeju island trip if you like nature.
Nice view
Weather was nice but windy and after a short (subjective!) walk on the steps up, we were rewarded with beautiful view of the sea and surrounding area. Worth a trip there.
Disappointing and overpriced
What a waste of money! Very disappointing especially given the very high entrance fee (6K). The crater is just a hole in the ground covered with trees and a 1.2 km walk is a loop around grass patch and small forest on one side (next to a busy road, so you can hear the traffic). If you have never left a city before you might like it (like, you get to walk on a grass for a moment, not on a concrete sidewalk, UNBELIEVABLE NATURE EXPERIENCE, right?). Just save your money, for 6K you can have a nice lunch, not 30 minutes grass walk.
A good visiting place for all
A nice park where you can walk up easily to see the crater. The crater is long dried up with vegetation growing and on my visit, there was a excavation truck at the bottom working! Wonder how the truck and worker get down there.Recommend to all age group.
Impressive and rare
It's an easy walk around the park to get some magnificent views.  The crater is deep with lush vegetation and is quite impressive.  The area is well maintained and pleasant to find a stop to sit and look out at the surroundings.  Probably 1 hour will do.
A beautiful park
Love this beautiful park in Jeju. For old folks, it provided a relaxing path to walk up to the top of the crater. And once you are on top, you get to see the mountains surrounding Jeju if the sky is clear. Amazing view. There is a minimum entrance fee to this park. There is also small shops near the entrance if you need drinks or snack. Compare to other places in Jeju, this park is less crowded. So if you want to chill and spend a couple of hours outdoor, this is an awesome place to be.
Not much to see on a rainy day
We went here as part of a shops tour. It was cloudy and rainy so you couldn’t really see anything. Our guide wasn’t very good so he didn’t explain much. I wouldn’t go here again unless it was a clear day
Expensive entrance fee for what you see.
It cost 7000 won for a walk to a crater covered in grass via fields of dried grass used for thatching..I would nor recommend this place unless you like looking at big holes.Not worth the money.
Crater & Beautiful Weed/Grass
Romantic place to strolling with beautiful grass/weed around along the way to the crater. Took lots of nice foto :) Heard every season the grass have different colours. Entrance Fee : KRW2000
A pace where you can see the horizon 360 degree
The cherry blomsson at its carpark in April 18 was wonderful - one long row of beautiful sakura trees.Do not expect to see much inside (basically you walk 5 min into the park and you saw crater on your side. It will not look like crater, only valley). Rather it is the 360 degree view of the horizon that counts. The air is fresh and the mood will be lifted when you can see very far into the horizon dotted with mountains. It really look like you are in Europe or NZ. Go there for sunset as there will be no shelter from the sun above your head.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
The best Pampas Grassland
The view is definitely breathtaking. It is amazing.I did not expect such a beautiful scene with the sunset. I came on time whereby all the Pampas grasses were nice straw-yellow colour. Definitely a must visit location in Jeju autumn.
Power spot
Beautifully maintained and a real variety of landscapes, from the swaying pampas grass fields to the almost perfectly symmetrical crater to the birdsong-filled woodland. Very reviving and peaceful.
Awesome View
Good walk up to the top, windy & cooling during autumn (Nov 16). Enjoy a breathtaking view & good for nature lover. Great place to relax your mind.
nice place to chill
nice walk to the top. you can see volcano crater on the top, pretty windy and sunny, make sure you bring sunglass and water, also jacket
Serenity and nice place for photography
I love this place, feel so peaceful with the wide space to walk around.  Admiring the natural landscape with pine trees, Eulalia flower and lush vegetation.  Perfect place for picnic if not for winter!  Kids can run wild or roll down the slope.  A great photography place.There are few trails to explore but we left in an hour as we have other places to visit.  A must go place in Jeju!
Not too impressive
Not have to hike too much. Look peaceful but nothing much to see and the view is not too impressive. Can see autumn leaves far away. Can spend less than one hour here.
Beautiful
We reached in late afternoon and the place is not crowded. Very quiet and peaceful. Suitable for kids.There's a few restaurants 3 min drive away from the entrance that serves nice traditional korean food in decent price.
Interesting crater, sights
The crater is one of the better natural sights on Jeju Island.  It's certainly not as picturesque or close in scale to Crater Lake in Oregon, but the area around it is quite picturesque.  The crater itself (supposedly a flatland crater) is nothing special in terms of scenery.  It just seems to be a shallow hole in the ground a two thousand feet in diameter.  However, the surrounding area has lots of grass, trees, and flowers for people to explore.  Interestingly, there also seemed to be some burial plots in the area.  I'm not sure why that was the case.Just note that there are plenty of areas to explore and some trails/walkways are fairly steep.  I can also imagine that the place would be very beautiful during a sunrise or sunset.  This was one of the few places I hoped I could have stayed a little longer to enjoy.  Note, it was quite cold, foggy, and windy when I went in November.
Magical place, must see!
Initially I wasn't sure if I would go to see this as I'd already gone to Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak the day before, but it was definitely worth it! It was a cloudy June day which made the setting even more mysterious. Very simple but nicely kept grounds of rolling hills and volcanic rock walls. The crater itself was one of the more bizarre and intriguing natural landscapes I've seen. If you've seen the movie "The Mummy Returns," it's like the end of that! The surrounding grounds are lovely and you have a great view of the mountains all around you. Would be a very romantic place as well, if you're with your partner. Great place for a picnic or just a long stroll! However, if you're looking for activities and souvenirs and snacks and other touristy things, you'll have to go elsewhere. Fortunately there is a bus stop right outside to go to Jeju City.
A crater-than-expected experience
We hired a taxi for the day but this wasn't one of the place we wanted to go. The driver, Charles Cho, unilaterally decided we should stop at Sangumburi anyway. We're glad he did. We've been to Kintamani in Bali, but this crater is smaller and within a more scenic and lonely area. The surrounding mountains and farmland are serenely beautiful. One of the attractions here is a patch of tall reeds, but at this time of the year, they have not sprouted yet.The crater itself is supposedly valuable because of the unique plants and animals there, but for us casual visitors, it's a nice, green geographical feature.There are remains of tombs there, but no information on them.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Nice environment around the crater
The crater itself is nothing to crow about. As they say, see one see all. However the area around the crater is fantastic. A few nice pathways up to the crater sight. Not much colour although it is autumn but fresh air and the waving pampas grass made our day.
Breathtaking in Autumn
This was one of the highlights of my trip. In autumn there is a sea of pampas grass swaying in the breeze on the slopes of this volcanic crater. If you walk up a little you get an amazing view of Halla Mountain and it makes for some great photos.  We went early in the morning and it was amazingly quiet - we could just hear the rustling grass.As we were leaving tour groups started coming in so could be nicer if you beat the rush.Entrance is 6,000 won which is a little expensive on Korean terms for a small attraction like this, but I thought it was well worth it.
Beautiful Silver Grass in Autumn
Was recommended to visit this crater by our driver cum guide. Initially we wasn't too keen from the view of main entrance but we were stunned by the beautiful silver grass surrounding after entering. Climbing slowly is possible thou pathway can be slight steep. My parent did it at their own pace and there was a little hut & mini playground at the top for a rest. Along the way up, silver grasses are fully bloom and it views are fascinating with mountains seen faraway (like a natural backdrop). It's a sight not to be missed and understood only occur during autumn into winter period!! Thanks to our taxi driver Mr Lee Hong Min for the great recommendations.
Awesome mountain view
my group of friends and I was bad luck when we visit this place, due to that day was a rainy day. Hence, when we reached the Samgumburi Crater, the weather was a rainy and windy day. When we reach the peak of mountain, the surroundings was full of mists and very windy. However, the view was great filled with green grass and trees.Hope I will come back one more time with the nice weather, I believe it will appear to be more awesome and nice than the view that I saw during rainy day.
Breathtaking View of the Crater
This crater was a 40 mins drive from our hotel, its absolutely worth the trip. It offer one of the best view among the rest of the jeju major attraction.The climb up to the crater was relatively easy and relaxing which was suitable for all ages, entrance fees to the crater was 9000 won which was reasonable for the stunning view which the crater offered.
Great views of the area
This was an attraction I did not plan. But was in the area and decided to do. I did enjoy the climb. They have different levels of intensity and with this views are included. You can take stairs all the way to the top or you can slowly climb. Once up there the view was amazing. If you take a different way down you can even take pictures at a mini park with swings. They also had refreshments at the entrance and a small gift shop with over priced items. Definitely a must if in the area, but not necessarily worth to go out of your way to fit this place in. As its further away from other attractions and buses here can be difficult.
Terrible
Several things that I didn't like about this place. First they completely do not respect nature, eg. There are a few chairs on top with Celine dion's titanic music playing! I guess Koreans think that makes the place more romantic but it completely ruins the experience for me. Then the crater itself is impressive but the entrance fee was 6000w per person which is a total rip off. If these two objections don't deter you from going then at least go early (we went at 8:30 on a Monday) and literally had the crater to ourselves for 15 minutes.
Not in March
we came here during the end of autum, so the grass was all yellow and brown. there was not much to see.Not recommended when you come in March, coz the view is not very nice..but we still had fun
Beautiful place but not worth the price
This place for me is best to visit in November and December when the Gramineae is full bloom. However, paying 6000 won to enter this place is too much as there is nothing else to do here. Make sure you come on a clear day to have a best view on the Hallasan mountain.
Interesting...
We were recommended to visit this crater as it is one of a kind.  Trees and greenery grows at the crater which is supposed to be very rare.  It is not overrun by foreign tour groups...more local tour groups.Cost is rather high - KRW6,000 which is one of the highest we have paid for any of the natural tourist attractions. Frankly, I don't think it is worth the money.  But if you are into "one of a kind" thingy, then I guess you should visit it.  Other than that, you can go to Seongsan Ilchbong.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Breathtaking view
To be honest, I didn't expect much at first, but when I started walking up the stairs, OMG! I was really awed by the clear blue sky, silver grasses, wind, everything! The view of the crater was just "so-so" to me but the view of the other side with the silver grasses was just way too amazing! I would say, it's not something that's so special that you must go to see no matter what but still, it's something that you won't be able to see everyday or everywhere. First of all, you must go at the correct timing. I went during mid-October, the view was magnificent! You can even see Hallasan from afar (check out my photo). Thereafter, you can walk through a small road where you literally being surrounded by silver grasses. That's a perfect place to take photos as well (photo attached).This can be a romantic place, or it can also be a peaceful place where you go to relax your mind and to see something different.
Picturesque
Went there during peak of autumn season, how it blew my mind away. guess i mustve been so lucky to come about at the right time! The pampas grass/ silver grass leading the way up to the crater really makes a beautiful , breath-taking landscapes. With the windblows, and the clear blue sky, this place could give you that romantic vibe and really picturesque too. But I guess if I were to come during the summer, nothing will spark my interest. As for the craters – nothing much to shout about. Its just a shape of crater, with greens covering it.
Well worth the visit
The views are stunning and its an easy climb/walk to the crater. Late afternoon there are possibly less tourists.
Green crater in Spring
Recommended by our guide. We spent around 1hr here in a Spring afternoon. Big crater with many green trees growing in it. Also able to see farms far away. Many spots to take nice photos. I would say good to visit but ok to skip it.
Crater Overlook
It was really cool! The view was absolutely beautiful.... I admired the tourist and took pictures and went to the various shops, but it was nice to watch the people go up and the stairs to the view...
Simply breathtaking!
You'll have to go at the right time to get the best views of this place. During autumn, there'll be a short few weeks where the pampas flowers bloom all over the crater, making the views breathtaking and romantic! Go during sunset and you definately will not regret it. I went there on 2 Nov 2012, recommended by the owner of my guesthouse. By far my top favourite sight in Jeju-do. Do check with your guide or guesthouse owner if the pampas flowers are blooming when you're there in autumn cos if they are not, then this visit can be missed as there'll be nothing much to see.
An Extinct Volcano
It's quite a walk going up this crater but there are 2 ways to get there. One is gradually, using concrete stairs or the otther one is by the plain path.Anyway, it's not that high and the view up there more than compensates the effort. Also, we get to see fields of Pampas grasses along thw way which is very beautiful
Uninteresting Crater
Having seen quite a few craters around the world I´m always in to see another one. After some cruisin´ through the middle of Jeju island, we arrived at the crater. To be honest it was pretty disappointing. Since the crater hasn´t been active for a 1000 years, the shape is still there, but beside that it´s just a green valley. Technically it´s a crater of course, but not very impressive. If you´ve never seen one before, have a look, otherwise skip it.
Breathtaking scenery
The scenery at Sangumburi Crater is probably the most breathtaking I've ever seen. The path up to the crater was picturesquely beautiful. The eoksae (억새, flamegrass) swaying in the breeze... The place is just like heaven.
A little crowded but worth visiting
It is great to visit in Autumn. I went there in the middle of October and it was sunny. No rain, not too much wind. You can see the field of silver grass which might capture your mind and heart (if it is your style). Great over all. Its near the forest trail so you can visit there too.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Golden-silver grass
This place was too awesome in Autumn.We spent there around 2 hrs because you will bring out the photographer/poser side of you there as our clicks were awesome.Its a volcanic crater yet greenish full of life.I was keen to know the history of this crater😁😂 after looking it.Its simple walk,you would enjoy cool breeze too.my 4yr old kid enjoyed it.
Silver Hills!
Everywhere was filled with silver grass. It was also a good walk from entrance to the hills with breathtaking view of the crater. Best place for photo opportunities. Perfect for those who love nature and fresh air.
Silver grass field in autumn
Went there in early autumn, the crater is covered with silver grass field, view is breathtaking especially during sunset, drop dead gorgeous!Suggest to wear comfortable shoes as you are expected to walk on some manmade rocky pathway. Parking is free and plenty of parking lots available. Entrance ticket is 6000 won for adult, kinda pricey given the area isn't big, but if you've never been there, it's totally worth visiting especially in autumn!
Visit if silver grass is in season
We visited the crater for the silver grass. They were plenty and gorgeous! We didn’t feel like living. Tonnes of photos don’t seem enough too 😆 crater itself was rather disappointing, couldn’t see much though.
I call this the Upside Down Mountain
I call this the upside down mountain because that is basically what it is. I won't try to explain what geological forces were involved  in creating this unusual site, (mainly because I don't know :) but it I'll just say that I've never seen this sort of thing before.It is like looking at an upside down Halasan, only shorter or deeper or something.It was fun for the first five minutes of wondering while looking down at a hole in the ground but then its time to go.If you are going there I'd advise to take a picnic and sitting on the grass eating lunch. Because after staring at the hole there really isn't much to do and it takes a long time to get there. It is one of those places that you really should see but after five minutes you are wondering why you came.
Not when the patch grass are dried
I visited in mid May and the patch grass were dried already. Very disappointing as I was hoping to see the fluffy version as shown in the brochure. Not worth a visit and apart from the patch grass there’s nothing unique about this park.
Easy acend to crater top
Scenic views of surrounding landscape n grasslands.Panaromic views.Short walk to top - about 10 mins. 2 paths - steps or easier winding gradual footpath.One of the filming sites of Korean reality/variety show 2 days 1 night on KBS.
Beautiful view
The climb was relatively easy as it had well build steps all the way to the top. The view from the top of the crater, overlooking Jeju Island is what makes it all worth while.
Where is the crater?
I visited the crater approximately 1 year ago on 29 Dec 2017 during winter. It was very sunny, a good weather, and really windy as well. Really. Couldn't see the crater though as it is really foggy and misty, that was a disappointment. But the scenery was great and it is really scenic with lots of great photo spots. It also isn't really crowded, there are many people, but not crowded. I would go again if i go to Jeju again, hopefully woth a clear weather where i can see the crater like in the brochure.
Awesome attraction
My biggest regret, if there was one for Jeju, would be to miss this attraction. The crater may not seem much to some but this site was truly amazing. The natural occurrence was a sight to behold. It may be hard for some to imagine the significance of this crater but for me, I could relate to it and blessed to witness it. A not to be missed attraction albeit out of the way. The pampas grass fields were so scenic during fall that one just cannot miss this picture taking opportunity. The were so well grown here.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Beautiful Nature
Climb up the Crator was 👌 for us.  Stunning view and could be better if the weather is better with no rain and fog..  Will be back again in Summer / Winter season...
Beautiful and dreamy
Go in the fall, you'll enjoy the silvergrass around you. It could be pretty crowded but it's worth the visit!
Beautiful place
Twas really amazing oreum place to visit. U can took nice picture there..who love in photography it was the best place during autumn.
A beautiful hike
The hike up to the crater is quite easy with elevation gain of less than 100m and even my elderly mother can do it. There are several routes to choose from and we took the easy route that winds through fields of thatch grass. The view along the way was just beautiful. At the top you can look down into the huge crater which has a circumference of 2km.
Scenic during autumn
The silvery field of "grass" or "weed" is amazing if you come at the right season. Definitely a great photo taking opportunity. You can also catch the Halla mountain in the backdrop. Romantic and almost magical if not for the crowd. The place is getting more popular as words spread.The crater itself is not much to see but could be interesting if the leaves turn red or yellow. Visited here while on the way to the Manjanggul Cave
Scenic
If weather is beautiful, it is a lovely walk around the crater. Although volcanic is inactive, the green growth in it is still lovely. windy.
Nice walk, scenic place
We had a nice walk there, nice gardens. The place is beautiful, but not much impressive. Worth of a short visit
Very nice
Cheap entry fee ( 2.000 won) since it's managed by government. It took around 1-2 hours here. Check the wheather before go. Beautiful view.
Majestic view
What can be so great about a crater? First of all, it’s big. Understand that it’s 2 km circumference and 100m + deep. So it’s not just a crater, not just a park, it has its own eco system with its own unique flora and fauna. The crater itself is not accessible but they have built a park fronting it with high viewpoints overlooking the crater. The viewpoints also allow you to see the surrounding mountainous features such as the Hallasan in the distant. A well designed park which deserves a two hours of your time.
Beautiful place to relax, to see, and to be
Attractive to me and my son as it was a volcano. it has amazing size! I was told that it’s a popular place to film movies. The park is not very big, so you can take it easy. I would recommend you visit this place in autumn for more colors.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Nothing
We climbed a lot of slopes and steps to reach the top and we found nothing as the volcano is dead since long time it does not deserve the money ,effort nor the money
Beautiful day, Beautiful Place and so peaceful (until the school kids arrive !)
Words cannot describe this small but beautiful park. Its a great place for a quiet day out but its got tons of tourists and school excursions kids this time...
Worth the climb
Hundreds of steps going up. Well organized with a few view point stops. On the top we found volunteer guides that  was friendly and informative.The view from the top is impressive
Shooting scene K Drama My Girl at Sangumburi Crater
Come early morning to avoid crowded tourist. Great place. Ticket was only 6,000 krw. Please make research for time and season before you visit if you need to see silver grass.
Nice snow view
Is a relaxation place. We visited in early Feb, still it cover with snow. Beautiful snow view. Take a some relaxing slow walk to enjoy the cooling feel of the nature.
Beautiful in the Autumn
Great walk around the crater with the long grass surrounding you. Great background for pictures and not a strenuous walk. Im sure it is also beautiful int he other seasons.
Easy hike with pretty views.
Lesser popular than others on Jeju like Ilchubong or Hallasan, but a pretty hike with a lovely view from the top. No sure what I expected for the silver grasses so was very impressed to see the effects of the sun on it as we took the short hike. I went late in the day so there were not as many people around which was nice. You pay a small fee to enter and the entire hike is relatively quite. The crater is nothing spectacular, however if you enjoy nature, the silver grasses are worth seeing.
Beautiful Silver with a nice easy hike
This place is a less well known place to view a crater compare to Hallasan or ilchubong. But if self drive, this is a nice place to take a short hike to the top with the silver grass all around, very beautiful place. Because it is less well known, lesser crowds but equally beautiful.
Best place for silver grass?
We planned to see the crater with the mind of seeing the silver grass. We arrived at 1600 which was 2hrs from closing. It was quite quiet with most tourisg leaving the attraction. We entered after purchasing our tickets at 6000 won per person. It was a short walk before arriving at the silver grass.  It was really beautiful. We managed thi catch the sun set and the silver grass seemed to be glowing. Pictures were fantastic.
Nothing much..
Just a view of the crater. Nothing much to do in the area good thing they have ice cream that you can take while walking..
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Nice view of the crater!
It's a relatively easy hike to the top for the Crater view. It's breath taking and worth the time to visit if you are in Jeju Island.
Fall must visit
It is a beautiful place to visit in Autumn. This place offers a good walk around the crater with view of fall (flame grass?)
Like a scene from a Korean Drama
Im pretty sure some dramas were filmed there but Im not sure which ones. It is a short walk around the the surroundings are filled with lallangs. It is beautiful but not worth to pay 6000 KRW unless you really love it. Go only if you have time to kill.
Great scenery
Must visit place in autumn. The view is fantastic. There’s a bus stop just in front of this tourist spot.
Simply breathtaking
Our driver suggested for us to visit this place as we were fond of seeing the flame grass, of which some can be found on the roadside of Jeju.Can’t advise on the travelling mode as we booked a driver to send us there and it was by car.For entrance to the crater, you have to purchase a ticket at 6000won. The park was filled with 억새 (eok-sae) or in another name, flame grass. Our driver informed us that the grass usually grows in August and at the beginning, it’s purple in colour. Towards the October, it becomes pale golden (as it has dried up). The park is pretty big, and you can get to the top of the crater where you can look down to the middle of the crater. On the way up, you can see the remains of the volcano by the volcano rocks forming a rocky path and also the volcanic ashes amongst these rocks. Going down from the top of the crater, you will pass by many trees, leading to an empty grassland which can be good for jump shots and some random photo-taking. While making your way back to the entrance, you’ll pass by a graveyard park, of which is suspected to be the family of the owner of this place. there are stones surrounding the graves to prevent horses from coming in to eat the plants on it. It doesn’t have a creepy feel to it and there were many children playing soccer in the park itself.At the entrance, you can also purchase some snacks like hotdog and ice cream. We tried the grape and mango ice cream, which were too creamy for our liking.
Not go to visit when summer
You cannot see the water in the crater because its dry better to go there on Winter... But a must place to visit also when your in Jeju.
Beautiful!
The place was soooo beautiful! You can take a lot of beautiful photo all over the place. Don't forget to bring your camera :D (it was on december, winter)
Quite a disappointment
Was really excited when going up the crater as this place is one of the UNESCO heritage site. Upon reaching the entrance was a really beautiful place as it was well maintained. The hike is gradual, suitable for kids and elderly.However upon reaching the peak, it just looks like a patch of green field on the crater, nothing impressive at all. I guess it's just for the experience.
Beautiful place with nature
There were a lot carter in jeju island, one of them is sangamburi.We went there by rent a car, from our hotel around 1 hour. The place is calm and nature. With mountain view, savana and trees all around.If you like nature, this place is one of your choice. One of korean movie was made there.When we entered the place, there's a garden, walked inside there's line of trees, in the middle, there's savana.Going further, you will find mountain view.
Not very special.
A crater which is not very impressive when you reach it. The way to the crater is a lot more impressive.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Lovely Views!
Thought this was a pretty place w/ the volcanic flat crater in the middle.  Nice walking paths and so peaceful and quiet.  I'm not the best photographer but I did attach a few photos.
For those who want to see nature of jeju
This place is caused by volcanic activity, specially beautiful on October full of Flame Grass. Entrance fee is quite expensive, but you can enjoy beautiful views ,can see volcanic cones in other place even Seongsan Ilchulbong when it's sunny.
Gentle walk to top with a view; expensive fees
The park is well manicured and you can take great pictures of scenery with fences. There are swings near the top where you can enjoy the breeze while taking in the scenery of the surrounding lands and mountains.  You can also see the bottom of the "green crater" from the top.This is one of the more expensive natural attractions in Jeju (KRW6,000) but I feel it's a good place to relax and worth a visit.
Breathtaking view
Been here during last autumn (Nov 2016). I was mesmerized by the view because that time the sun was setting as well. Recommended for nature lover.
Not much of a Crater
It is a nice walk up to the top, windy.From the top we do have a nice view, wide view with many hills. Nothing special about the plants or vegetation. The entrance fee of KRW6,000 is a bit high when this is all you see.
Underimpressive
This was one of the most expensive tourist attraction that we did, at 6,000 kw per person. There was a lot of hype related to this attraction and I was not impressed with the crater. There should be no charge for this site as it is a concave valley in the earth. If you like hotdogs, then get a hotdog.
Family with young kids
Beautiful!! Had to walk up to see the whole view..its breathingtaking !!For those who appreciate nature..shld come.
Nothing much but for an experience
Entrance fee is little bit expensive. There's nothing much but is just fields of silver grass (I think). Just have a slow stroll and enjoy the scenery.  If you are a lover of nice these silver grass, worth to come! If not, I think is fine to skip this attraction.
Nice view with Hallasan
a circumference of over 2 km with nice natural monument. The trail is very easy to walk around and you can see the Hallasan.
Great view from the top
Don't take any photos (even though it's tempting) until you reach the top, which is a short walk. The view gets better and better as you go up.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Steep entrance fee with Nothing much but to enjoy the scenery.
Entrance KRW 6k. High price for nothing much to do But a beautiful and tranquil scenery & place. Crater filled with trees etc.
Peaceful scenery for photos
Eventhough going there during late autumn may not be able to see nice flowers blooming, can still see a very peaceful scenery especially sunset within the crater. Very beautiful sunset.
Sangumburi Crater
It's a good place for autumn travelling.  The whole area is covered by yellow the flamegrass. It's really nice..
One of the best in autumn!
A vast crater overgrown with a diversity of plants, it's especially unique in autumn when waves of silver grass unfold in front of you. Have a leisure walk up to the main viewing platform, you can embrace the incredible view of Mt. Halla. I'd say it's one of the best scenery of Jeju in autumn!
Fantastic place to rekac
The scenery is amazing. Had never seen such nice view. Fantastic place for photography. So relaxing strolling with the green
Autumn romance
Sangumburi crater is a designated Natural Monument touted as the world's only flatland crater. The car park entrance showcases several large rocks from the crater such as the volcanic bomb and lava tree mold. During the eruption, molten rock flew from the volcano into the air and cooled into many exotic shapes. The area near the crater also contain several traditional Jeju graves - wide, trapezoidal stone walls surrounding the burial mounds. Visitors can walk around the extinct volcano crater rim, peer into it but cannot venture inside the crater pit covered with lush vegetation. The hills and Hallasan surrounding the crater is a picture of serenity and rustic greenery. Sangumburi is especially popular in autumn when the slopes are covered in Jeju’s famous Eulalia. Crowds and couples will be lining up for photos among the tall plume-like, silver grass swaying in the breeze. At a quiet spot, listen to the whispers of the eulalia dancing against the blue sky to add a pensive mood to the autumn romance.  Note: KRW6000 entry fee is quite expensive. Closes at 6 pm, except Nov-Feb closing at 5 pm.
Amazing place
You can see a very beautiful scenery here including the crater. However we arrived on rainy day so the fog is thick and the crater is unseen. But we still happy walking around.
Sangumburi in autumn
My first sightseeing spot upon arrival at Jeju-do. I was there last October, so the place was covered with pampas grass, with the cloud and sun giving the landscape different shades and colours, the view was simply wonderful.
Not for me
I found it well boring to be honest. I prefer stuff like the lava caves and waterfalls - I guess I just like to be wowed. However it was a peaceful place and it was surrounded by lovely countryside. Maybe a place for a stroll with your loved one. Still if you want to get there from Jeju - you can get a bus 710-1 from the bus terminal. Note there are two 710's (assume the other one is 710-2).  It costs about 3,000 KRW (40 minute ride) and there is a designated stop about 3 or 4 stops after Gyorae Entrance (not junction which is 2 stops away). Note: Gyorae Entrance is a good stop to know about as it on the north - south road (Jeju-seogwipo) which is the 781/782 bus route.... just in case you want to go anywhere else after or get bored like me :)How helpful am I!
Not as shown in the picture
When I first looked at the advertisement, I assumed that I could stand on some place where I can see the overview of the crater.But actually, standing on the edge of the crater, you cannot feel the overview.In addition, I was one of the first visitors coming on that day, so it was not crowded and I could feel the peace in the air.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Beautiful
Amazing scenery and an absolutely peaceful place.  The walk up to the top is easy for such a fantastic view.  Go early at 9am to avoid the crowds.
Different season with different scene
A highly recommended place you should visit when you are coming to Jeju island. You will be able to see different scene and color when you are coming in different season. I am visiting during May therefore it's in green color.
Beautiful place
Really beautiful crater. Have beautiful scenery on top of crater. The sun has going to set, its more increase of valuable things.
Used to be a crater
The crater is now full of trees and plants therefore looks like another mountain but I give it a rating of 5 for the fantastic views and park. Nice place to take a relaxing walk.
Great view
Great view. The crater is now covered with vegetation and looks like a valley from the top. Saw a sign stating the crater vegetation are unique and it houses a population of animals too.
Beautiful Place
Its snowing when I visited this area. A short walk to the top will reveal a nice scenery covered with snow and a crater below. The nice view around actually overshadow the crater itself! Good place to play some snow throwing too. Its suitable for kids or even elderly as the climbing is very gradual, I would say its more like a nice walk. You will be able to see some tall grass on both side of the walk, which according to locals, was used as a roof cover. It is good to hold the weight of snow on some old buildings.
Not so much as crater
Unlike Hallasan and Ilchulbong, the shape of the crater is not very obvious. Moreover, there are less climbing and walking involved here. The main attraction here is actually the field along the path to the observation point of the crater. Make sure your camera fully charged and enough memory because it is a good photography location.
Breathtaking View
Sangumburi Crater is our 1st stop after we got a rental car.It's 40 mins drive from Jeju city.Entrance fee cost KRW6,000. There are several small souvenir & coffee shops.It quite unfortunate for us because that day is raining. We're freezing because of the cold weather.We didn't prepare any umbrella or raincoat. So from the parking to the entrance, we soak under the rain.Thankfully the souvenir shop inside sell raincoat with the cost of KRW4,000.From the entrance, you have to hike up to the crater.The path up to the crater was breathtakingly beautiful.What makes this place looks so gorgeous is because of the vast flame grass field along the way to the crater.Sadly, when we arrive at the top, we couldn't see the crater at all.It was cloudy all over.  However we still enjoy the view.The walk down is as beautiful as it was on the way up.
Worth a look
This place is worth a look with a 1.5 hour drive from our hotel. We came here in November and it was beautiful. The public transportation is not convenient though.
A Special Crater
This crater is unlike the others seen on the island because it didn't form much of a surrounding cone due to its quick explosion without spewing much lava around. It is the only such kind of volcano seen in Korea.Apart from the special crater, there are miscanthus (the purple reed) and eulalia in different seasons. Very leisure walk around.We spent an hour inside, including a nap under the tree on a wooden swing.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Unique and Scenic
This place is one of the place that I wanted to visit in Jeju. I am glad that i did. I love the walk alongside  the field of tall flamegrass which bloom from Sep-Oct. The walk to the crater was nice and it was quite romantic. Though on the day of our visit it was raining  but nevertheless we enjoy and appreciate the beauty of this place. You can view the crater below and also the surrounding mountains. Will visit again when I come to Jeju next time.
Sangumburi Crater, Late April
we hired a taxi driver for day-trip, it's just located nearby Eco Land Theme Park & Mini Land Theme Park.we visited on late april, so not much to see. not even green farmbut still a great view to have fun with it. good experience to have a nice walk.
Peaceful scenery
Very peaceful environment, surrounded with nature. Ideal to take a walk and appreciate nature. Not so much walking as in other sites in Jeju
View could have been better at a better season
We went in Apr 2015 which is Spring and the crater is full of brown patches instead of green and beautiful. It was just a big hole in the ground. But worth to take a look.
Sungumburi Crater
It's another geographical landscape that Jeju is well known for. As Jeju itself is an island created through volcanic activities millions of years ago ,it is not surprising that Jeju is dotted with a lot of  geographical features with such origin. Sungumburi Crater is one such feature. It is a caldera overgrown with grass and greeneries. It is said deers used to roam around the crater.
Excellent Scenic Place
Very big crater and very nice view. Many fields on the way to the crater. Greenary, scenic place alltogether. A must visit.
Sangumburi Crater; Patches of green
The period I went was very windy, the surrounding was very refreshing with patches of green. Very relaxing, peaceful  and is a good place for photography. A typical k-drama filming location for kfans to visit! Once you reach the highest point, you will see endless of "green"  and can even spot mountains that is far away. You can actually relax and enjoy this view by sitting at this cute wooden swing. Very nice place which you probably won't want to miss it.However, to visit this place, you need an entrance fee of  6,000won, But if you booked a experience tour driver with your own group of friends, he can help you bargain it to a even cheaper price which is like 3,000won per person! So, afterall, it was pretty worth it for both the price and this exquisite experience! Recommended to rent a car there, inaccessible by public transport!
mavellous view
Like it 100000000x. The scene so beautiful. Great to take picture with the wind blow n the grass dance happily. Recommend to go
Beautiful just in fall
This amazing place and maybe a bit infamous in Jeju is located near Sunrise Peak so is really worth to visit it before u going to sunrise peak . The only problem is they will charging u 10$ to see land of god .
Beautiful View!
Sagumburi Crater was one of the highlights of my trip in Jeju Island. The view and scenery was breathtaking. The hike to the top was easy and you get to take pictures along the way. It is really relaxing when you get to the top, you get to feel the wind and appreciate nature.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
good hike and view
a beautiful location for a good view and some interesting plantlife. also a trail where one can go hiking.
Have a walk up in autumn / fall
A nice walk to view the crater. Lovely scenes with reed plants called eoksae (flamegrass) swaying in the background. Special wonder of nature!
A field full of Pampas green around the Crater
don't forget to be early for this and as this is privately owned attraction, the entrance fees is KRW6000 instead of the government owned ones at KRW2000. Wear comfortable walking or hiking shoes as it is a bit of walking towards the crater. Good place for photographs at the top and be "lost" around the pampas green field for dramatic photographs.
Sangumburi Crater
The entrance was about $6. Loads of tour buses and families.  The view of the crater is great but there are so many people that I found it very unpleasant to visit.  You can't go into the crater, but only walk around the rim on a wide fenced path with noisy kids and tour groups. Not peaceful.  If you go, I would suggest very early.
Best volcano on Jeju island
The crater is absolutely fantastic. Great view and best among Jeju sights. Very good track for walking around.
Great place to stroll and be nearer to nature
Not as touristy or crowded like Sunrise Peak. Walk to the crater was on the milder side, not too much steps.Leisurely romantic walk pass the fields of silver grass (graminee) which can only be seen late September to November. Some parts have swings for you to sit and enjoy the breeze. The crater was covered completely with vegetation and the nearby green hills was a picture of serenity and you feel removed from urban cityI wouldn't mind coming again. Near ticket area, there's a stall selling the sausage sticks that were flavorful and yummy.
Totally worth the climb up!
We came here as part of a tour from Hong Kong and no one else went to climb up to the top, but me and my boyfriend did. It's about a 30 minute walk - you can take it slowly and take photos along the way, but it can be a bit steep. However, the views are great (on a clear day) and you get a good workout (after sitting on a bus for so long). The ascent/descent paths are clearly marked and separated, so it's quite well organised and the path/fence is very well maintained. At the top, you can overlook the big crater, which is now overgrown with lots of lush grass and trees - quite beautiful. You can also overlook the water and the town below etc. The way down has lots of stairs, so watch out if you have bad knees.
Kinda romantic
We Enjoyed a leisure walk amidst the lovely silver grass swaying with the wind blowing :) reaching at the top ud be surprised to see swings  perched on top of the hill with piped in music. Love to just sit  there and enjoying the view and wind.the climb is not too hard as compared to other attractions.
A very short visit
I went to see the crater in middle day. Was a long bus ride to get there for a 10 min visit in all. Not what I expected. It is a very rare formed crater in the world and the explanations are on a board but kind of deceiving to look at for me. All full of lush green trees and very wide, it does not give great pics and you don't see it that well either. Not as impressive as I expected. Would tell you to prioritize other stuff if you have a tight schedule. Souvenir shop has not much to buy and there is a small restaurant for snacks or ice cream.
Wonderful, absolutely must see
The weather was great so we saw everything clearly, the view us totally breathtaking. The air is very very clean and fresh
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
So beautiful. I recommend it.
It is volcano. It is not active. So there are many beautiful trees and aceneries. I think it is must go place in Jeju island, South Korea. Fee: 6,000KRW.
Crater
The path is pretty.. but the main attraction is disappoint, I went on winter so everything was dead, maybe on autumn is prettier
breathtaking
Who knew seeing tall weeds used as native house roofs would be very picturesque against the clear blue October sky? Only in Jeju and only on the way to the Sangumburi Crater!
Visit for a stroll and relaxation of mind
there is nothing much exceptional to see in this place but also because of the emptiness it can be a refreshing walk before your next destination
Pretty enough, but not a deal breaker stop
I could see coming here to relax a little, the view of the crater was nice enough but not like it was a whoa moment attraction. I might go bak though, there were some lovely picturesque spots and the pampas grasses were quite nice. An easy walk up of, so good for those of you (like me) who aren't p for the massive hike up the other big crater by the women divers museum.
Pretty place, but boring as far craters go
Whilst the whole area is quite picturesque you shouldn't expect anything mind blowing. The crater itself is boring and I found myself more interested in the tourists posing and the building made completely out of oddly shaped (lava?) stone. Not a must see by any stretch
This is a crater?
This just seemed like a mountain valley filled with trees that couldn't even be seen very well because of high brush and trees around the path. Not worth the time going there!
Large crater filled with trees
I was expecting an obvious large crater but when I saw it, it was rather underwhelming. It was filled with trees and the fact that it was a crater was very unobvious. Nonetheless, the scenery justified the short upslope walk to the crater.
Good views
The crater itself wasn't much to see but it was a pleasant little walk and there are very good views of Mt Halla - the best we had during our stay on Jeju.
