Unforgettable experience
On a family trip, my fiance and I had one day to ourselves and we ended up here for a couple hours. We love being near water, so this was an easy choice for us. The natural pools were so clear and beautiful, even though it was November and cold we went into the water and enjoyed freezing our butts off from the water and wind. Still such a fun and unique experience we'll never forget. Because we came in November there were only a handful of people that came and went. We definitely recommend checking this place out for a hour or so. I imagine it can get pretty busy during the summer time but youd get to enjoy the water much more. Even in the cold weather it's worth just checking out if you're around the area.
A must go
This place seems to be a lowkey secret place for the local. I went there early autumn so  maybe that's why it's so surreal and empty and looks like I had the whole "pools" for myself. Water's still not cold yet and don't forget to bring mask to see so many tiny fishes down under. Mother-nature created 3-4 "pools" and amazingly, it happened to be different depth levels too so to make sure it safe, you can let your kids swim in the most shallow one, just be careful of the sharp rocks (hey it's all natural). Great view with the ocean and beautiful color on a sunny day!
Very Clean surrounding
Fresh and cool air,  sea water not polluted and the hill is very greenly. Natural scenario not damage by public
Beautiful coast.. its better if its summer
I would say one of the most beautiful view you can get in Jeju island is here.. during winter nothing much can be done. But on summer people can swim here. Worth your time and money.
Enclosed Pool in the Ocean
You want free entrance? Then go to this place and plunge into warm sea water in a cold weather.You will love the view and be amazed how the nature formed these rocks.The place is not so crowded by the time I visited this place.Going solo into this place. I met a kind Ajussi who lives in Jeju. He guided me to reach the top of the rock formation. He always come to this place to see dolphins and observe sunset.
Excellent view and good to snorkel
I enjoyed snorkeling at the place. Inside the water is not that colorful as some famous snorkeling spot around the world, but you will see very attractive black rocks and ecosystems only seen at Jeju Island. Also there is a nice trail following the coast with great view. Though you are not going to swim, it is still good to visit.
A Private emerald green pool
As we stayed in Seogwipo, we followed Jeju Olle Route 6 from Chilshimni Poetry Park (to see the Cheonjiyeon Falls from the top) to Oedolgae and happened to see this Hwangwooji coast (probably part of olle route 6) which was my favourite spot of the day. You will walk along Namseong-ro road and passed by 외돌개나라 Hostel (the hostel name is in Korean as I cannot find the English name online). I love the place bcos it was like a private pool and it is free. There were only a few Korean that day, playing, swimming and hunting of sea creatures in the private pool. It also has a good view of the Saeyeongyo Bridge from a far.  After-which we head to Oedolgae.You can walk there and you do not need a car. Probably a 15 minutes walk from the main road (Namseongjung-ro road where Poong Gyung Hotel or Park sunshine hotel jeju is) and walk in to Namseong-ro road where  외돌개나라 Hostel is.
Beauty in the rough
Free admission to coastal path overlooking Saeseom Island Saeyeongyo Bridge Walk at the other end of Oedolgae Rock. Real hidden gem, much quieter than the main Oedolgae.  A flight of steep stairs leads down to the emerald green rock pools. Saw a haenyo diving for ocean catch in the open sea. Be warned of swimming at your own peril at  the rock pools as lifeguards are not on duty.  The boardwalk trail leads to more breathtaking scenery of the vast ocean and rocks, lined by pine trees. Look for the plaque honouring the valour of Seogwipo Police and South Korean military who valiantly battled against a North Korean incursion in 1968. Makes a wonderful picnic spot, so do pack your basket of food. Note: Korean GPS 7328027
Safe swim location in a pool made of spectacular rock formations
I love open-water swimming and just plain jumping off rocks. This spot is ideal for both and is also a good way of interacting with locals. you don't even need to speak Korean to get along with folks here!
Hidden place??
Hidden place. Even local people don't know much about it.this place has great, dramatic view and some time you can go over rocky small islet. it's really enjoyable experience!!.
