believe it
A rainy day or just a regular indoor activity, very interesting and informal on things you would never think to believe.
Small compared to others
I was hoping to see more exhibits in here. I have been to a couple and this one wasn’t as intriguing. No theatre in this one. No professional photos here either.
Awesome display
Very informative but ofcourse the internet can tell us about those things. There are some display that scared me as im all alone when i visited the place. Overall i find it entertaining.
Interesting and interactive
One of the many unusual museums on Jeju island. Same format and content as the american ones - but worth the trip nonetheless. Lots of great photo ops.
Good attraction let down by rude staff
We weren't planning on visiting this attraction, however wet and windy weather meant that our outdoor plans had to be postponed.Our children really enjoyed the exhibits and we found it interesting too. I would have rated it higher but the front door staff were so rude and unfriendly, it left a bad impression.
Believe it or not, it is a waste of time :-(
I am sorry to say it but it was a boring place to visit. It would be interesting if we didn't have internet to get to know the world. By the way, my 8 year-old son was scared on the second floor to see all the torture instruments.
Very good family experence
We went there in 2017 and spent several hours going through the facility. It was one of the highlights of the trip. I strongly recommend it for families and even couples. It provides some lighter entertainment which is good for all age groups. Price is nominal.
First time to such a place
Had read and heard about Ripley's Believe it or not before but this was our first time visiting.There were a lot of interesting and somewhat interactive exihbits on display. I didn't think these were the real thing though, but rather they were replicas. You could learn a lot of new facts here. One can tell that Mr Ripley really had a talent and knack for discovering and collecting quirky stuff.One thing to note is that some of the exibhits involved morbid subjects such as cannibalism, death and torture, etc. So might not be too suitable for little children.
Kids loved it but scared!
The kids enjoyed this place, lots for them to see and do.  Although, for smaller children some exhibits are a bit gruesome and scary. The shrunken heads were a fascination for them.
Good time
My daughter enjoyed reading and seeing unusual and interesting facts. We had a good time at the museum.
Must See !
When I was a kid I would see Ripley's Believe it or Not on TV.  This is a great collection of bizarre everything from Elvis's hair to antique torture tools.  Our family had a great time there.  Bonus that there is a Starbucks next door.
Ok
Just like the Ripley's in the states. Mostly framed pictures. Very average. Descriptions were mostly accurate but not always.
Decent trip
Decent trip for the price. A little outdated as the show hasn't air in years, but for something to do with our spending a lot this is a good place to go. For those with little ones the electric chair showcase may be a little scary. I had seen multiple children cry going past it.
Childhood Memories in Jeju
I used to love watching Ripley's believe it or not when i was a kid, l love the history behind the strange things that are happening around us, and the show gave us a bit of it. So, finding that in Jeju brings back that curiosity of the kid in me. This place is perfect for those who are into weird and quirky historical stuff. Great for passing the time. It was even better than other theme parks i've been to =) Objective opinion though. ^^
A pleasant way to pass some time
We passed a couple of hours here enjoyably.  It's a museum-lite type of experience. Very close to a few cafes/convenience stores and other attractions in the area.
Not Bad
Not bad, interesting, but didn't really stayed for longer than necessary. It took us around and hour or less, I think.
Interesting exhibits
Located in the Jungmun Resort in Jeju, near some restaurants there. The palce is quite large, consisting of 12 galleries. They showed interesting exhibits collected by Ripley at reasonable price (10k won per person). Worth visiting if you want to have some indoor activity in Jeju.
Worth all the pennies paid for it!
There are so much to see in this museum. The whole day is enough to spend here if you want to read and appreciate all the displays. Good collections. I learned a lot from this museum. I regret doing four museum tours in one day for we had to rush this one. I would love to go back here.
Very educational
Must visit if you are traveling with kids. It's in the southern part of Jeju. Site is interesting and educational. Taxi fare from main city is around 35KRW one way. There also other interesting sites around the place.
Great With Children
I went there with my wife and two kids and my kids absoulutely loved it there were hologram machines, many many interesting facts, and really cool exhibits and models, but some models are a bit offensive. But the musuem it self's look is great for photos and overall it is a very nice attraction.
Not up to my expectation
Before I went there I expected there were many interesting exhibition for me to explore. Unfortunately there were nothing really surprise me.
Interesting Museum To Go With Family
This was fun to check out. If you have time to pass, then I would recommend this place. Especially if you have kids, they'll love it here. Lots to read and lots to see.
i really liked the shrunken head exhibit
the shrunken head was quite interesting to see. there were a lot of cool things from around the world. groups of 20 or more get a discount... only complaint is that their map on the wall with all the ripley's locations is wrong.
Believe it!
If this place was in Europe I am sure the entrance fee would be double or triple, and it would have a giant shop at the end. This place is full of hard to believe facts, artsy stuff and little experiments. To be honest, I would really like to see a little shop at the and, so that I could send a postcard or add a pencil to my collection if not buying a few sciencey gifts. Definitely spare some time for this place, you will enjoy!
👎
A lot on information of people that lived long ago and creatures.Price is cheap 10,000Not wow for me.
Fine!
If u expect very exciting, not really! But it's good to have a walk in a rainy day until it stops raining! Overall it's fine!
I did like it!
I crossed the Believe it or not museum many times, in New york, in Baltimore.. but never stepped in.Finally I tried the one in Jeju island and I really liked it. It is certainly similar to the others, but if you never visited one... who cares?I imagined it small but it took me 2 hours to do everything. I mean... read all, not just give a look and say : oh.. ok!It costs 10usd per person. Expensive or not depends of you.If you are curious and love to travel and discover... it is nice place.
Fun adventure for History and Sillyness
If you like silly things and interesting historical facts check out the museum. It was worth the visit for me as I enjoyed myself quite a bit. There were also some sections for modern history and more tech-based stuff for my partner!
Museum with various story..
C1 ( 2016.07.13 ) The museum's theme was various and unique. Maybe there was like "Guinness Book". The exhibits was good and arouse my interest, but the price was higher than I think. There was good place to spend killing time and need to increase contents.
you can see it elsewhere
the museum is ok, but not what is in there you can find it elsewhere in the world, nothing amazing making worth the journey.
loved this place
We ended up here last day on the island and not a planned trip. But oh how much we enjoyed it. My daughter (3 years) sometimes got a bit scared, but I loved and enjoyed every part of this place, Got many good pictures due to fantastic architecture, and learned a lot of new things at the same time. This is a must if you visit Jeju Island
just okay !
Okay for killing time for 1 hour. The ticket is KRW 10.000 per person. some history of Ripleys visit some country. And information that we never knew before.
Something to do....but not mandatory
We visited on a rainy day. It was worth the time, but not the money. 10,000 per adult 8,000 per child, so 44,000 for our family. The attractions were interesting, but all replicas. Everything had an English explanation, so that was nice. But our children quickly became bored. And I would say I walked past 50% of the pictures and didn't bother reading about them. Visit if you have time to fill, but do not go out of your way to get here.
Interesting
Had to go just for the curiosity. Worth the visit. A good collection of interesting artefacts and displays.
Great time even for Teenagers
We spent almost three hours at Ripleys.  It was fun and exciting.  Both of our teenagers enjoyed the exhibits. This was a great family experience.  Make sure to bring passports to prove the ages of your children.
Good one for time pass, but exciting for first visit.
Well organised, but felt little congested. But if you have time to read all explanations and move on, then its worth watching.Wont feel exciting the second time...
Lots of interesting things to see
Ripley's had a lot of interesting things to see and was a good rainy day activity. The most interesting for our family was the different body shapes.
Nothing much to see.
I found a bit boring inside the building, those exhibition characters look nothing special. If you like stranger characters may be you will like it.
Super fun museum, believe it or not!
If you grew up watching episodes of Ripleys or reading books based on Ripleys discovery, then you will definitely enjoy this museum. I enjoyed the fact that majority of it focused on South Korea, which gave a different history to the country, not the typical "war" or "North Korea..." etc. Fun outing for all groups!
Fun, but make sure you enter before 6pm
Last admission is by 6pm. You will not be allowed entry after this time, even though museum closes at 8pm.Lots of interesting stuff. But not representative of Jeju, so not a great loss if you skip this.
Interesting and hilarious
I didnt know about this place in Jeju but its next to Starbucks so i noticed it and my mom had heard about it so we decided to get in. Its full of real-size statues, dolls, pictures and many other stuff like cars, motorcycles which show facts/things that you may believe or not, thats actually and exactly what it is about. Im not sure if you understand what im saying, but Im sure you wont regret your visit.
Ripley's is always great to see
had a great time at Ripley's in Jeju. Although they are all similar, it was my daughter's first time getting to see the museum. She enjoyed it and I still always love the interesting facts.
Fun
Great place for family fun. Lots to learn. Very interesting display. Creative use of space. Go with a small group and take some cool pics.
Good for children
Very entertaining,  but a little pricey in comparison to other attractions in the area.  Can get a little crowded, but we always enjoy learning new things.
Great !
Had a great visit here. Has been years since I visited a Ripleys it was good. Lots of great things to look at as you would expect. Great way to spend a rainy day In Jeju
Interesting
It's fun for an hour or 2. The entrance fee is quite high. 10.000W per person. And there's not a lot of interaction with the guest like Ripley's in London or Amsterdam. But still, it was interesting for the 2 hours we spent there
Unbelievably awesome
A must visit for family or solo. Have fun reading and learning a lot about wonders and unbelievable things in this world! What made me not forget was the men with uni-horn in their head! Must have a lot of time spending there! Entrance is reasonable.
Rainy Day Fun
Tons of displays and much larger than expected.  Plenty of interactive displays and many artifacts.  There are also a lot of displays that require you to read what they are.  If you have a rainy day it is a good place to vist for kids older than 8.  Younger kids that were there were just bored and running around.
Good for a fun time
Interesting and novel for adults and children. The illusions and hands on entertainment made it a worthwhile trip.
Must visit
you can find so many weird things inside , very good for your knowledges. best for children too..easy to access
Waste of time
It was basically the same as the one you find in London. I wouldnt have gone but it was a group trip with some friends and I didn't want to be stuck outside for however long. They need to make it specific to th area as there was a lot of stuff to do with other countries.
So much fun!!
We had such a great time even walking up to the building which is a beautiful exhibit of its own. Right across from the "Teddy Bear" museum and "Chocolate Land". All the Exhibits were education and fun, a lot of funny and interactive ones too. Cool spots to take photos in.
Worth It!
The outer building was interesting and eye catching however the paint was a bit pale. The price for 1 was ₩9,000. There were a lot of interesting facts of unique people and items there with sufficient explanation in different languages (including English). A lot of surprises inside, be prepared!!
Do you believe it or not?
I would recommend this to all whom like World Guinness book of record and Ripley's. It display many interesting articles and some not suitable for kids (as i deem scary and gross).Overall, the place is not too crowded with people and it is enjoyable to slowly take your time to read and take photos.I am not sure if all the display are real things but it depends on you to see it and to Believe It or Not!
A little too scary for kids
Just across the Teddy Bear museum. Consists of most of the same exhibits as the other RBIoNM. It was the kids first time, and some of the exhibits wasn't too friendly at all. There was an electric chair with a shrieking man on it - and i had a tough time explaining that to a 5yo about what that was. There are some torture stuff, people who won't burn themselves or whose who pierce themselves and won't die. Bad bad bad examples to kids. Wouldn't suggest to any kids <12yo.
Fun, but nothing extraordinary.
Located in the middle of Jungmun Resort and across the street from the Teddy Bear Museum, this museum is an entertaining way to spend an hour or two on a bleak day. Great for kids and teens, but if you've already been to a Ripley's elsewhere, there is nothing special or extraordinary about this one. We appreciated the signs and descriptions being in English (as well as in Korean and Japanese) as we've been disappointed in a lack of English in many of the museums on the island.
nice
not for little kid(some is quite scary) but cool for adult... just Okay for kill some time. Love everything on the second floor
cool museum
a modern museum, interesting, we have not bored at all while we visited,many different things things, u need to visit it!))
Fun museum for adults
but a little bit too scary for kids, even I was scared at the scene of a man being electrified to death.
Skip it if you've been to one in the states
I went to one of these in the USA as a kid over 30 years ago and many of some of the same exhibits are still showcased. Honestly in the internet age these exhibit's are not all that rare or amazing anymore. I wouldn't go so far as to call this museum a rip off, however it is a bit cheesy in modern times and also about a third the size of Ripley's museums in the USA.Might be ok for a place to kill an hour when bad weather spoils your site seeing adventures, just keep your expectations in check :)
a tiny but nice Ripley's museum
The 32nd Ripley's museum was pretty good. I liked the end surprise of those hidden cameras that were around the place that spied on us, and then we found out at the end! Very hilarious! The exhibits were nice, but I believe the Ripley's museums in America are a lot better. But it was nice overall.
Nice one!
I've watched the show since long time ago, and this is the first time I visit the museum. SInce we visited using a coupon that offers numbers of museum visit for special price, We think that this museum really worth to visit. Even without discounted price, People won't have anything to loose.This museum is kinda difficult to reach, so it's better to visit using your personal vehicle.Lots of interesting section that can blown you away. I spent around 1.5 hours to enjoy their overall exhibition.Must Visit!
Awesome experience!
Totally love this museum. Its not just a normal museum. It has quite some interactive part and interesting facts. Should visit! Worth the ticket price!
Super informative!
Super informative and fun and interactive exhibition! They have english information everywhere so it is easy for me to read and understand. really worth the money and time spent there. Since it is just opposite Teddy Bear Museum, I would reccommend you all to visit this if you have a few hours to spare! Have discount if you travelled from AirBusan.
Not worth it.
Came here while exploring the Jungmun resort area and honestly because the building looked so interesting that it attracted the kids.  The exhibits are not really wierd or strange anymore...I mean with this internet/TV age, we see more of the "believe-it-or-not" in TV programs.  If you are into arts or collection items, it may interest you more.  So skip this for other better things to do in Jeju...
Good only if u have time to kill
Went with my hubby to the ripley museum , we stayed at lotte hotel so was a 10 mins walk.. overall it's an OK experience mayb kids will enjoy it more. Go if u are around the area and have spare time
Interesting place
I went there with my kids ranging from 11 to 16. The place is full of interesting exhibition, and my kids enjoyed them so much. We had a pleasant visit for sure.
Always Fun.
Oddities a-plenty. Great for an afternoon, especially if it's raining. Our boys were thrilled to learn that there was even a Ripley's on Jeju Island.
My Boys Loves This Place
This place shows exactly what they on the show/TV. Interesting even though it is just replica's. The place is a fun place to visit even for adult. If you like Ripley;s show you'll love this place.Pro's: Fun placeCon's: -
Interesting place to visit
A showcase of some facts which we might not know. They are some replica of the collectibles by Ripley.Interesting place to visit.
a little creepy
The artifacts being displayed in the museum are mostly replica of the real things so it is not that impressive.  Overall, it is a little dark and gloomy in there.  My children did not like it too much.
Fun and worth a walk around if it's raining.
If it's raining then this is a fun museum (not sure if you can really term is that) to walk around. It's got some cool stuff to look at. There's things like a giant chair you can sit in to look like your very small, a model of the worlds tallest man, a car made from paper, an eiffel tower made of matches....those kind of things. Takes up about an hour to wander round (probably longer if you want to read all the info on everything). It's not amazing but it's a bit of fun, especially if you're a bit of a big kid.
Strange collection of strange things
that leaves one with strange feelings :) Some things are funny, some ugly, some boring, some just.. strange. I liked the huge Moose though.The place is in Jungmun. From Seogwipo center you can get there by airport bus or taxi.
Interesting museum
The museum was okay. Went here as it was raining. However it was too crowded when we were there, too many school children running around thus making taking photos a challenge.
Quite interesting
Things inside are quite interesting, but if you have already visited other "believe it or not museum" in other countries and you are running out of time in Jeju, maybe you can skip this one.
Go if you have time
Worth to visit if you have enough time and have visited most of he top attractions in Jeju. It is located opposite to the Teddy Bear Museum, and next o Starbucks.
Great fun!
This was fun for all ages. It's very interactive, and is fully available in English, Japanese, Chinese, or Korean, unlike many other museums on Jeju Island. It cost 8,000 won for an adult and is worth the price of admission. I spent about 2 hours here and really enjoyed it.
Extremely fun, totally worth it!
We had a lot of fun visiting this museum; It was much better than we thought at first. There were so many rooms to visit and all of them were interesting, with different things in each. We especially enjoyed the false mirror room, the cameras with which you could see yourself and the false torture room. There are many facts to learn and many tricks that will make you laugh. Not only interesting for children but also for adults. The price is reasonable and it is next to various other museums so you can visit them all together.
Dare to believe :-)
Nice collection, very smart and funny action, must see.Tickets are little costly so take your time around
