Impressive architecture, great views of the sea.
Saw this impressive bridge from my hotel window and was really curious to check it out as it has strong resemblance to the Dubai icon the Burj-Al-Arab. The ocean views are amazing and bridge leads to a beautiful small island. Must visit place if you are taking the trip on the Seogwipo Submarine which is right next door.
Fantastic View during Sunset
We made a wrong turn and found this place by chance.  Amazing view. The bridge connects you to bird Birds Island. It's 1.2km walking path. Best to visit before the Sunset and you will be blown away with the views around this area. A good place to stroll and relax.
Awesome view
NIce  walk across the bridge facing the sea on one side and port on the other .Bridge connects Seogwipo Port to Birds Island and its design is inspired from the Jeju traditional log boat- Tewu
Just a quick stop
The bridge is in vicinity of my guesthouse and also the Cheonjiyeon waterfall that we visited before the quick stop. It was around sunset when we arrived there. There are free parking onsite. The bridge itself is just average, but it was a nice stroll to Saeseom Island.
Bridge By The Beach
Short walk to cross the bridge while having a good time to enjoy the scenery. Nice to take a good shot. One facing the ocean and open sea, while the other side facing the sea with the city as the background.
A great View
This bridge connects Seogwipo Port to Birds Island and its design is inspired from the Jeju traditional log boat- Tewu.The best time to view this bridge is in the night. One can walk around the bridge and enjoy the scenery during the day and early evening.
Place for picture
A great view for sunset and at night, you can see the lights being light up at the Bridge with difference colors. Mainly place for you to take pic =)
Nice place for a walk
Well maintained. Excellent view. Get a coffee and take a stroll. On a windy day it can be very cold there.
Short walk across to saeyong island
Walked to the bridge as it was near my hotel (M stay hotel seogwipo). It's a nice bridge and you can walk across it to saeyong island, where you can have a short hike around the island. Nice views during the hike where you can see the ocean and three different islands. It's also near Cheonjiyeon waterfall.
Beautiful and unique Saesom bridge
We walked from our hotel located at the Arang Joeul Street to the Saeyeongyo bridge for almost 30 minutes. There were many locals visited and walking leisurely there. There many restaurants and the Seogwipo Submarine was located on the way there. You can see the beautiful ocean wave along the way to the bridge. The bridge connected to the Saesom island. The island was brighted by light and old korean song music at night. We visited the bridge twice in the evening to see the colourful light and daytime to observe the surrounding scenery. The trail to Cheonjiyeon waterfall can be found  on the way to the Saesom bridge. The entrance to the waterfall was after Chilsimnigyo bridge.
A nice walk around the island
The island was teeming with dragonflies and it felt like something out of a Disney film. At any rate, if you are in the area visiting the nearby waterfall, or going on a boat or submarine trip, it is a lovely walk with spectacular views all round.I wouldn't suggest going here specifically, but if you are nearby..... it's worth a look.
Beautiful landmark at night
Looks like the Burj khalifa of Dubai but its just much smaller and in fact not a hotel but a bridge. Going across the bridge you will be on a small island to walk which will take around 45 min. Great for a scenic walk close to the city. You will also have a good view to the sea and of the diving women of Jeju.
Great photogenic spot
This is a great spot to take photos and there isn't much crowd there. When you walk up the bridge, it leads to a small trail around the island that it is connected with. Take a short walk around the island. There is a well paved pathway for you to walk on.
Really beautiful pedestrian bridge
This is a really beautiful pedestrian bridge to get to a small island for hiking trails.   There are a number of spots for getting great pictures of this bridge along the coast,
Many mosquitoes during Summer!
This pedestrian bridge leads you to a small island where you can take a walk for around 30 minutes. There is not much to see on the island itself but I will say the view is quite nice. I visited around sunset time but it was a bit gloomy that day so we didn't get to see a nice sunset. There were many mosquitoes when we walked around so beware when you visit during Summer. Otherwise, this is a nice place to spend your time.
Sunset
This is the place to see sunset.  There is also an easy hiking trail nearby which can be covered in less than 30 min
Beautiful architecture
My 10 yo old daughter and I went to the falls nearby and stopped by here and took some pics. Can definitely get some great photos here. Must see!
Relaxing stroll at sunset
A nice evening walk at sunset.There were many locals lying down on the benches, playing loud music.  Although it lacked tranquility, we found it interesting to observe local customs.
Within Seogwipo Submarine ticket booth
We went to this after our Seopwipo Submarine tour.  Very relaxing to walk especially early in the morning or at night.
Nice leisurely free activity
This was our last stop in Jeju. We arrived right after sunset and were able to walk around the island and enjoy the beautiful nature area and then walk back over the bridge while it was lit up. Good activity for young children to just get out and run. Best of all it was free! There is also a free public restroom in the parking lot.
Landmark of Seogwipo City
You can have a relaxed stroll over the bridge and on the route around the Bird Island.  Nothing spectacular, but see the coastine and three island out of the city.
Sway by the wind in Saeyeongyo
The strong wind will surely blow your mind to imagination. As an avid fan of K-drama, I was fascinated by the location and the scenery that  will make a great backdrop to make a movie. It has a great view overlooking the sea and another island near to it.It was Autumn season in South Korea when I visited Jeju Island. If you are going solo, there is a public bus accessible to this place.
Lovely scenic trail, very good at sunset
We walked over the bridge, it was very windy and we could feel the bridge moving a little which was quite scary but was really nice to get some air. The island was really peaceful and was a lovely walk around. Unfortunatly there was two children with their dad shouting all the way round, we could hear them from the other side of the island so we sat on a bench for a while to wait for them to leave. We went before sunset and saw the sun set, just be careful of mosquitoes at this time as we got bit loads while on the island.
Day and night visit of the bridge
Nice walk across it and seeing the island plus cliff wall and the fishing harbour bay. After the bridge a serenity walk with beauty scenery walk. Use proper shoe for the walk. The bridge also light up at night with colors.
The longest pedestrian bridge on Jeju Island
This bridge connects Jeju Island with the islet of Saeseom and resembles an anchored taewoo, a traditional fishing boat of Jeju coming home with a boatful of fish and its wide net streatched.  The name Saeyeongyo means creation of new connections, as it connects uninhabited Saeseom with Jeju.  Come back when it is dark and see the amazing LED light display on the guardrail of the bridge.
Scenic yet easy to walk trail
We stayed at a hotel along Jungang-ro road, that was near the Seogwipo Maeil Olle Market. From our hotel, it was a 10minutes walk to Geolmae Eco Park. The park led us along Seohong-ro road to Taepyeong-to road (where we passed by Hotel Yeon) where we were able to see the Saeyeong Bridge. After the bridge was in sight, we followed our instinct to the Bridge. There was an ice-cream stall that serve grape soft-serve that was delicious. We made our way onto the bridge to view the pristine bluish-green coastline. After the bridge, there was a short 20 minutes trail that brought you to a rocky coastline where you can view two lighthouses (red and white). You could walk to the white lighthouse on the rocks but at your own risk. There were many locals fishing along the rocky areas too. In short, the trail along the Saeyeongyo Bridge was fairly easy yet scenic enough. We were there on the 22nd of April and the weather was about 15 degree celcius in the day. A light jacket with windbreak will be sufficient. Afterwhich we headed to Chilshimni Poetry Park (which you can view Cheonjiyeon Falls for free) as there was a stairway along the left side of main exit road (where all the tour buses parked, pedestrian walkway path with brown wood). The stairway seemed to indicate going up the the temple. However, we landed in Chilshimni Poetry Park. We took pictures of the waterfall and left Chilshimni Poetry Park to follow the orange/blue Jeju Olle ribbon to Hwangwooji coast and Oedolgae. The orange/blue Jeju Olle ribbon were along the park main road (where Park Sunshine hotel was). You do not need to rent a car. All these could be done by foot. We clocked about 25k steps walking around for that day.
A Walking Visit
Good for a walk as it is easy walking with limited stairs and if the weather is good, the peace surrounding the ocean views is rewarding. Can be very busy with tourists and if the weather is windy or wet, then find another place to visit. Some small markets  around the area to visit.
Great walking around at this area
Good sight seeing place and jungle trekking. Wear sport shoes for easy walking if you plan to walk "round the sea". Weather was just nice for walking in April. Crossing the bridge and standing there watching the big sea was feeling awesome.
Bridge of Seogwipo
If you go to Seogwipo, you see this bridge a lot on their pamplets and promo stuff.  In the daytime, it is overrun by tourists and loads of them.  At night, the bridge lits up, there is less people and it's quite spooky hiking around the small little island on the other side of the bridge :).  I recommend going at night :)
nice views
a casual stroll was good no stairs and neat views ,  a bit windy but okay was pleased we visited here
Good for walk and seeing sea
Well, there has been near our place in Jeju and in our schedule. We could go by walk and bought Citrus fruit in the street, specialties of Island. The bridge leads to the road around the mountain. Can proceed to visit
Nice bridge shaped like a sail boat
Drove by this bridge in jeju which has a sail shape like on a sail boat.  Actually fitting since it is over a small Marina.  We were on a day tour of jeju in November 2016 on the way to some waterfalls when we passed this bridge.
Nice for a stroll
It's a nice place for a stroll, especially in the late afternoon or early evening, that's when the bridge will be lighted up. The bridge leads to Saeseum island where you can walk around it and enjoy the scenery
Just the bridge
Went there since it was near the waterfall. The bridge is quite nicely lighted up during the night. We were there for 10 mins. Nothing much just the bridge during the winter night.
Easy, relaxing walk
Probably not worth going there just to do this, but if you are going to the nearby falls or the submarine, then definitely make time to do this too. It is a pleasant, easy walk.
Easy to Reach, Great Stop
An easy-to-reach attraction that provides not only a fantastic view of the city and port, but also leads you to the island which is worth the walk in of itself.
Come for submarine
Nothing very spectacular about the place. But we came to experience submarine with our daughter and it was an enjoyable experience.
Interesting bridge, lovely short walk
The principal purpose of the bridge is to provide a walkway to Saeseom Island. The area close by is great for photography - clean water, interesting rock formations, local flora etc. The circuit of the island is also very pleasant, particularly in good weather.
Nice Family Stroll
After seeing the waterfall, my family of four took a nice stroll down to the bridge.  The view in the evening is wonderful.  The bridge is also lit up nicely at night!  Of note, one can get tickets for the submarine or boat rides at this same location.
A real beauty!
What a beautiful place! This bridge looks like it is hanging in the air. A short loop around the island offer a lot of bird sightseeing. You can also see female divers at work right next to the bridge.
Not bad for a walk
We were there waiting for the submarine tour and decided to walk over the bridge to kill time, it's actually quite a plesant one with nice view to surrounding area. I think it might be worth a visit if you happened to be around there.
Nice walk across to a small island
This bridge in Seogwipo harbour goes across to a small island which takes about 20 minutes to walk around.  It is a nice place to go at sunset, there are nice views and many birds in the trees.  Also nearby are the Cheoniyeon waterfalls, and a few shops and cafes.
Great for a good stroll
The bridge is beautiful to look at, and provides a nice walk to an island that provides more opportunity to stroll near the water.  Big tourist attraction, and if you prefer staying away from the crowds, you may not enjoy this.  Great picture taking venue, and it doesn't cost anything, except a little workout for your feet and legs.
Typical Seogwipo landmark, nice relaxing place
The bridge itself is a landmark of Seogwipo, which leads to a small island that offers a short 20-25 mins walk. Not the most exotic part of the city, but nice indeed. My favourite place here however are rocks on the edge of the island, which is off the track, but if you are careful while walking out to the rocks (they are pretty flat and not dangerous at all), it is the best place to relax and enjoy the sea and view.
Look OK but can skip if you do not have sufficient time
The view is not bad and you can see many small fishing boat parking there. But really not particularly impressive so I think it can be skipped if run out of time
Great View of the Ocean
The Saeyeongyo Bridge is a great landmark here in Seogwipo and looks amazing. The bridge looks most spectacular in the evening when it is lit up in various different colours. This is definitely worth viewing.
Go at night
I'd recommend you to go at night since it is much nicer with variety of lights.Also, you can walk around tiny island and it takes about 20 min or less.
Not that big, and not a lot to do
It's a nice bridge, and takes you across to the little island on the other side. Not really a lot to see apart from passing through the quaint port and adjacent coastline. Would suit you if you just wanted to go out for a relaxing walk along a peaceful area.
A footbridge leading to a small island where you can trek for 30 min
Footbridge is of interesting architecture and good photo opp, walk across to the small island and trek around it (about 30 min) to see the sceneries around.
Its a bridge
I mean, its a decent bridge if you've got time to kill and want a good view, but I wouldn't go out of your way to see it.
Awesome Bridge and Walk!
Our family really enjoyed this walk.  It was nice to see the lighthouse and islands around this area.  And when we were there, the brushes were full of beautiful spiders and webs.  Of course, they were far enough away to not bother you.  It was really cool to see.
A nice view
A good place with nice view of the bridge and open sea. No entrance fees is required and is accessible via public transport and some walking is needed. Restaurants are available within the bridge area and other attractions such as submarine is located just right before the entrance into Saeyeongyo Bridge.
Beautiful Day
We visited on a particularly beautiful day and took a nice walk to and on the bridge.  There are tours available from the nearby pier and the overall views are wonderful.
Not worth a special visit unless you couple it with a submarine tour / hiking in the nearby island or beach
This is yet another bridge among the several others you will happen to see in Jejudo. It is not worth a special visit unless you go with the intention of hiking around the island that this bridge connects to the mainland. The Seogwipo Submarine tour starts from the dock located very close to this bridge. So you can easily explore this bridge and the surrounding area if you come for the submarine tour.
Nice bridge
The cab driver brought us to this place. This bridge was near to the harbour.Nice place to walk along the bridge where you can enjoy the surrounding. It was very windy where you able the enjoy the breeze. Indeed just a normal bridge but with nice surrounding.
Worth it if you're in the area.
Nothing spectacular, but I would recommend watching the sunset from the bridge if you just so happen to be in the area. It is also a short bike ride away from Cheonjiyeon Falls which is a nice site to visit during the evening.
Ok for a walk
We came to seogwipo to see the falls and have BBQ. The bridge was close to the parking lot for one of the falls and it is worth a stop to admire views although don't put your hopes up since it is just ok.
Worth it if your in the area
This is just another bridge and I wouldn't drive especially to see it but if your visiting the nearby waterfall you should also check this out. It has a lovely view and looks great at night
just a bridge
its just a bridge but over the other side is a nice little island you can go for a walk around,very touristy area.
Average bridge
Just a normal bridge like many others,it's kind of relaxing with a seaview..as it has no entrance fee, it's no harm to come to this place since it is near to where I was staying.
Sort of a trip down 'memory lane'
This is a weak but personal reason to visit this bridge, that is to say, it featured in the first Korean Drama series I ever watched. To put it in a nutshell, the guy followed the girl all the way to Jeju-do in order to convince her he was the one for her. The bridge scene featured just after they landed on the island, so it was just nice to see it in person as part of our stay here. There's not much more to say - I guess other people would have other reasons to visit. As a bonus we spotted women divers going out in their gear so that was some cultural aspect to the visit.
Trail to birds paradise
When I saw the bridge from the area of the waterfall the pylon looked as if I would know it. The bridge brings you from the harbor to an island with birds. If you walk around 800 m you get to the end of the island, but not where it really ends. If you manage to walk over artificial rocks for another 200 m, you are at the entrance of the port where Koreans like to fish. If you dislike walking over such rocks, a boat serving fisherman will collect you, and you have the opportunity to take beautiful photos of the bridge.If you wish to take good photos, go there in the morning.
