Beautiful facility!
It's a large building but light on exhibits, or maybe it just seems that way with so much open space. Several historical and current type aircraft, mostly military, and several interactive exhibits for kids. Nice digital movies and a flight simulator section for kids and adults!
Not so good experience for me
Not so good experience. Reached this travel spot around 330pm and the museum close at 6pm. We struggled if want to purchase the entrance ticket as we reached here quite late. At the end we decided to enter as my son at 4 yo wanted to experience the G Force Plane and we went to the tourist information counter just beside the ticket booth to enquire the last admission. She explained that last trip for the G Force is 430pm and we asked we are bringing our baby along is it okay? She said no problem but limited to 12 persons per trip. We hurried purchase the ticket and when reached there, the person in charge said at least 7 yo to experience the G Force. My son very upset but fine we accepted this fact. Then we went to each theatre and asked if we can join their exhibition hall. All rejected us as they said minimum age to enter is 7yo except for the 5D cinema at any age. I feel disappointed that the information counter never mentioned about the age limit. In fact prior to this JAM, my husband and I did some research at their official website and their website silent on the age limit for these exhibition hall. This museum had a lot of things to see but a lot of the experiences not suitable for us due to the age limitation. I feel disappointed with the information counter with limited knowledge of their facilities and their website. If I have known that I visited this place but my son can’t do anything here he will be super upset, I will not choose this in part of my travel plan. Anyway, the museum had a good food place and there have some history about air plane beside aerospace.
A big but boring museum
The museum is big enough but boring. They should have more interesting stuffs. Especially more aircrafts.
Fantastic museum
We visited the JAM (Jeju Aerospace Museum) and it was stunning, I love anything connected with planes or space so I was in heaven, the displays are well laid out and there were so many interactive displays for kids too that it shows that there was much thought in the museum.Not only was it about aircraft, but also about Korea's history of astronomy which was so fascinating that I could have spent all afternoon in this one section, Then we went into the space exhibition and again I was stunned at how much South Korea has achieved. We always think of  USA & Russia as being at the forefront, visit the JAM to have your eyes opened.Wonderful.
Worth the visit.
Overall a clean, well laid-out museum at a very reasonable price at 9,000won each for adults.- Not as many exhibits as we’ve seen at the Smithsonian in DC or Naval Aviation Museum in Pensacola but still worth the visit to learn about Korea’s aviation history- Placards translated into multiple languages - Korean, English, Japanese, Chinese. - We don’t have kids but it seemed there were a large number of child friendly play and exhibit areas.- On the third floor was a go-cart type racing track and pizza cafe. It was about 30,000won a person so we didn’t try it but it looked cool.- From the 4F observatory you can see Hallasan Mt, the tea fields of O’Sulloc, and Shinwha Theme And Water Parks.We spent about an hour there in total.
Excellent
A wonderful place to take children and adults can have a good time as well. There are many shows and interactive displays for children to use. They also have crafts for children. For adults they have very informative displays as well as guided tours
Very educative
Great for kids and students, educative. And interesting . It has some  experience programs - you can travel in space, by air, feel it like your own. Outside park contains planes and helicopters, you can sit in some of them and take photos.
Jeju Areospace Museum
The Jeju Areospace Museum is located SSW of Jeju at road 1121. It is a huge and obvious building which you can not miss. Lot of parking places are available. Entrance fee is quite reasonable. 2 adults and one child for 28k Won. Good and accessible for stroller and wheel chair. Inside there are a so many things to see. The museum is clearly structured and you have enough room and peace. We went there in the late afternoon and only 3 tour busses were waiting outside. So the museum was quite empty which was simply perfect. Very interesting and nice to see and study was the science  room where especially Bernoulli was explained practically very well. Further you have a huge hall with plenty of planes and units/turbines. Other areas showing other planets and space ships and so on and so on. The good thing is you have plenty of room and feel not like in an anthill. Our three years old boy had so many fun and was so interested. Me too of course and even my wife was quite impressed. Outside a couple of more planes and helicopters. Some of them accessible and we had a lot of fun. There is only one minus: mostly missing English explanations. The value vs. money is worse to stop a second time.
flight and space museum..
C1 ( 2016.07.13 ) I visited there for watching about flight and space. There was a big size than I think, and many aircraft and exhibits about space was exhibited. There was a good place for children to enjoy about space. The museum's construction cost was tremendous, I think. The exhibits was various, but was not inconsistent, so some place was confused.
Worth a visit!
The museum has many airplanes on display and also an outdoor area where you can walk into the planes.   Very well done, lots of information and displays.   Hands on activities instructions are only in Korean, but easy to figure out.   A steal for the 10,000 WON entrance fee.
Too big and not enough to do and see
We went with a local family.  There were some good things to do here but the place was so big you had to do a lot of walking and the place seemed empty.  It wasn't, but it felt empty.  We were all very tired after it and didn't feel it was value for money.  The most fun things actually were free when you first walked in.  Our"boys" took over the kiddies play area and had the most fun there building blocks...."embarrassing"!!! Haha. There is a great view at the top of the building. You can dress up like an air pilot and have your photo taken for free.  The restaurant there is pretty average, cheap ingredients!
Many things to see and touch
First, this is located in remote place so you can only get there by taxi, rent car and etc.If you want to take public transportation, you would have to get off at Osulloc (green tea museum) and walk for 15 min.Second, there are few kids activities however only Korean is used so if one do not understand English, it will not the fully understandable.  However I recommend you to try just for fun ^.^Third, this is one of the best place for kids, probably 4~18.
Fantastic Science Museum
This was a last minute stop for our family and it was so worth it. Very kid friendly museum, interactive and hands on. They had some flight simulators, videos, pilot and astronaut costumes for the kids to try one. This is by far one of the best flight museums I have ever seen. Rather inexpensive as well.
