Peaceful and great views
The giant Budha is amazing, and so the views of the sea and the city. The temple itself is also beautiful.
Great views
Worth the walk to see the cave and also get photos of the ocean from the top.   Be prepared for a few stairs to get to the top.
The view towards the ocean and coastline
There is no harm to walk and hike to see the view of coastline and ocean.  The temple is not grand or manificent.  It is hard to hike to the budda in the cave, but you can try.
just traditional temple
as my view that was just a traditional temple. seem not too much local at here but part of trekking point on it. the cave Buddha also not special but ok to visit
Bit of a Walk, Bring Water
This was a nice walk up to the top. There's a lot of stairs, but it's not nearly as bad as I thought it was going to be. We went in Oct on a fairly sunny day (temp was probably in low-mid 20's) and you definitely want some water and sunscreen with you. I'd recommend going when it's more cloudy, if you can. There are a couple little shops along the way to the top (the first few levels of stairs, not all the way along) where you can also purchase water, and there is some tasty Jeju orange ice cream for sale too. The views are pretty, as is the temple, and it wasn't too busy when we were there in the middle of the afternoon.
Great views and pieceful atmosphere
this is a must-see. A temple in the cave made by ancient volcano corruption. It is on the top on the hill. Great views on the sea, pieceful atmosphere. You can drink water from thespring, it is a water from the mountain and it is clean.
A Must see Spot.
A 'must see' place when visiting the island. Lots of small shops around the entrance, a small fee (free if you work on the island), lots of stairs (a fairly tough climb) that lead to a variety of small temples and places to check out. Views are fantastic and on a clear day even better. You can get their by local bus although there is car parking but no 'wheel' access for baby strollers or wheelchairs. The golden Buddha and the drums give you an amazing feeling sitting so high above the surrounding area. Definitely worth it.
Good place
Very good place,beautifull,amazing,you won't say sorry if you come here.easy to find it,bus stop in front of temple.
Jeju Sanbanggulsa Temple
The Sanbanggulsa Temple is located SSW of Mt. Hallasan directly at the coast. It is a very unique and colourful temple which reminds us more on the temple in Taiwan as in Korea mainland. The temple is located just below Mt. Sanbang. We had our junior with us but with older kids it is probably a nice tour on top including the temple. The view from the temple is very nice and gorgeous. Probably from top of Mt. Sanbang even better. The area is quiet and peaceful.  Except the opposite place where noisy  Korean caterwaul being played at a swing boat. The place is not reachable for stroller and wheel chair. Parking place available. Entrance fee is negligible for parking and temple access. It is definitely worth to stop and to spend some time. Religious people are probably also allowed to pray i guess. Doors are open.
Walk in the steps of others
Vigorous climb is SO worth the views and forest around you :) Feel as the Buddhists as you turn the drums and go within.
Good view and unique temple shape
C1 ( 2016.07.14 ) This temple's shape was unique and located in cave. The way to this tempe was about 15 minutes in uphill stairs and had good view. Though it was hard to temple, but after climbing there was good, and could drink mineral water. Sometimes there was no climbing because of bad weather. There was another temple at the entrance of way to this temple, that temple was good and beautiful sculpture. Good place to enjoy temple and view.
Nice temple, but the view is really what makes thip visit worth it
The temple complex is structurally interesting because it is spread out on the foot of the mountain. It's not actually very big and not of the structures are magnificient compared to other temples elsewhere, but very nice overall. But the view is really amazing. Look South and you'll see green slopes going down to the sea, look the other way and you'll see behind the temple rocky mountains that almost look like a cliff. This place captures perfectly the contrast between the sea and the mountain, and is very relaxing.
Worth the stop when driving the southern coast!!
Not just a temple, but amazing views of the coast and water. The temples are free to enter and offer an amazing experience. A must see if in this area. Plenty of drinks, food, views and restrooms. Only con is the steps are not very friendly. We have a 3, 7 and 8 year old. 3 year old needed carried.
Amazing Temple
If there is nothing else you do go see this temple. It is a sprawling complex that goes all up to the base of the mountain. Along the way if you do hike all the way up to the top, there are signs to explain the legends behind the names of the places you walk and why there is a temple there. But even if you don't it is still an sight to see
Absolutely Beautiful Temple
Me and my friends really enjoyed our time around the Sanbanggulsa temple and really enjoyed the serenity and tranquillity it provided. The location within the mountain itself is breath taking and it really does give this temple a unique look compared to other temples. The stream that runs down into the cave is incredible and this place allows you to connect with your spiritual side.
Lovely temple
It didn't take as long as we expected to get around the temple, but what was there was beautiful. The big bell was impressive, as was the actual,temple itself, but you shouldn't need more than 30-45 mins to see most of it. Worth seeing though.
Peaceful temple by the sea
Nice peaceful place to visit. Came across this place while heading to Yeogmeori coast. Can be accessed from the same parking lot to the coast. If you're driving a rented car you can key in 7942940. Recommend to drive if you are touring jeju.
Feeling peaceful
There are statues of the Future Buddha, Maitreya; Bodhisattva of Compassion,  an outdoor huge Golden statue of Buddha, hundreds of miniature green Buddhas.  If you climb up the 471 steps, you will reach a cave with a statue of the Bodhisattva of Compassion. The tears that she constantly cries for all the pain of this "ocean of suffering" world collects in pools up the stairs below the altar.  Visitors drink it and make prayers before it. If you drink 3 sips of the water, you will enjoy longevity in good health. Great temple to visit.
Relaxing Ambience
A beautiful temple for Buddhists to pay their respects. In addition, the view of Sanbangsan mountain is breathtaking from this area.
Nice scenery
The temple is at the foot of the Sambang mountain, where you have a choice to scale 400 steps to the mid point of the mountain to see another goddess statue there. A good 30 mins climb up and down at a casual pace with photo opportunities of the scenery.
Great photo opportunities.
A visit to Sanbanggulsa Temple was part of one of my favourite day trips in Jeju. It is about an hour west of Seogwipo-si by bus and across the street (albeit a bit of a hike) from Yongmeori Coast which I very highly recommend. Getting to the temple requires a short and easy climb up some stairs where there is a huge golden Buddha, an army of miniature mint-green budhhas, and a gorgeous panoramic view of the ocean and village below. A little further up is another fascinating statue of Buddha in a cave. Overall, this is a nice place to visit and a great opportunity for photography.
Beautiful temple, wonderful experience
This is one of my favorite places in Jeju.  Walking up the steps to the temple you experience one enlightenment after the next.  The temple and the grounds are in immaculate condition, and clearly there is a lot of love and respect which goes into every section.  This is a wonderful hour or two to spend as you are wandering around the island - take your time, don't rush it, enjoy both the temple and its attractions, and the stunning views toward the ocean and the rest of the island.  BTW, this is not an easy stroll up the hill, but not that taxing either - if you have elders, perhaps you settle for mid-way.  if you're young - do the entire journey, you'll never know when you'll be back.
Mountain and beach are impressive!
This temple is on the side of Sanbangsan (san means mountain). The mountain is very impressive. The scenery here is spectacular. I highly recommend buying a ticket for not just the temple but also the beach. (Keep in mind that the beach area closes at either 5:30 or 6:00pm depending on the day.)The walk up to the Buddha was nice with great views of the beach as you climbed. But bring bug spray!! I walked away from here with about 12 mosquito bites, because I forgot to put on my spray until I got to the top.After visiting the temple, leave yourself at least 45 minutes to explore the beach. It will take 10 minutes to walk down (and 15 to walk up - the uphill is always worse!). You can walk out along the coastline, and it's very cool. Important note: getting a taxi FROM here is VERY difficult. We were there near closing time, so no one was being dropped off once it was time for us to leave. Luckily for us, a Korean couple noticed our trouble and offered to call a taxi for us. Without them, we might still be there!
Great temple and hike
The temples and Buddhist statues were gorgeous at the two temples at the foot of Sanbang mountain. The hike up to the grotto is a short 20 minutes, but if you head up in the summer it'll be pretty hot and sweaty, but well worth it. Great cultural trip on any day in Jeju.
Good place!
This is such a great place!Even if you don't have enough time, you can see a lot.There are few stages and different "yards" to go to.Really peacefull place if you climb few stages up.After going up you can see beautiful view of the coast as well.And the helpful thing is that they have a small shop in front of the temple (downstairs) so after climbing all mountains and the temple place you can get nice drink or ice cream. Also, they have a car parking place.
Peace away
We felt peacefulness in this place even if it is next to a main road. The entry fee is only 1000 won and clean facilities.From Seogwipo bus station take bus 700 for 1500 won each way.The building in the Korean style are well maintain and the climb all the way to the grotto is a good exercise. The golden Buddha sit up there under the dripping mountain. People collect the water for  believe of power, may be like Christian for Easter water..Well! Each are different, Friday for the Jews, Saturday the Muslim, Sunday the Christians, everyday for Buddhas...
Mountain Temple
This temple is way up to the top of Sanbang Mountain & is quite an arduous climb although thereare stairs. Along the way, however, are some stops with breathtaking views of the sea & beyond.The temple itself is not that impressive, I was told, so I did not anymore go all the way up.Anyway, there was also a temple below with a large golden Buddha and the view from there was also nice.
A short climb for a nice view
Not the best temple but it seems like a real place and is nicely nestled in the side of a cliff with some steeps steps up to the main grotto with a modern Buddha statue in it. Small entrance fee seems worth it but do not expect too much.
Worth the climb to the top.
It was quite a strenuous climb up to the shrine in the cave at the top. Although it was a very hot afternoon. The views on the way up are beautiful and you can see for miles. Lots of great photos. Places to eat and souvenirs at the bottom near the car park.
Nice temple to visit in Sanbang Mountain
It is located   toward Ocean and you can also watch the Dragon head seashore which is impressive. Nice view. They also have small & exotic temple.
Huge golden Buddha
Besides the short walk up to the Buddhist cave, there is a lovely temple and huge golden Buddha just up from the carpark. It does cost money to get in but being able to get up close to the Buddha was excellent. And there are nice views of the coast too.
