A recommended place for photographers
We visited Yakcheonsa Temple on our Jeju Olle Trail Route 8. This temple looks delightful because of its architecture and beautiful surrounding scenery. The views from the second floor were amazing! We even had a chance to ring the bell and make wishes here! A recommended place for photographers to get vivid pictures. You can also experience a temple stay activity in this Buddhist temple.
Worth a trip
I've seen many temples around Korea but this was one of my favorites! So spacious and with the best view. The colorful decorations were also so nice.
Spiritual  Beautiful  place
Yakcheonsa Temple  is a famous Buddhist Temple located in Jeju, a small Korean island south of mainland Korea. It has been built in 1981 by Buddhist monk and has the largest Buddhist prayer hall . and  miniature gold Buddha statues all located on the second floor encased in glass.The main temple has Two -three floors and balconies that overlook a beautiful three-meter-tall Buddha. The view from the top floor facing the sea is awesome.
Very Peaceful
We really enjoyed our visit. Great view over the ocean. The temple cave was very different. The main temple was beautiful with brilliant colors. We were told that it was built around 1970. Lots of photographic opportunities.We took the bus from Jungman (Bus 282, 202 or 32) and got off at the Jungman High School stop. We walked back towards the Stone Garden and took a right and then a left. Easy walk from the bus stop.
Felt like "hidden" temple in some movie
I arrived to this temple because it was on my route between Seogwipo waterfalls. I was amazed. I thought I had seen enough temples, but this was something else. It is majestic with the palm trees and little ponds in front of it. This has been one of my favourite temples in South-Korea so far.
Exotic location for a temple
Overlooking the sea with palm trees this temple is like no other. The surroundings are just beautiful. And the inside doesn't disappoint either. With candles lit up beautifully,  dragon heads and buddhas it satisfies any traveller while you can watch the gongs outside being hit
Breathtaking!
Great place to relax and take shelter form harsh weather condition.It's very peaceful and quite beautiful, particularly on the inside. The temple is spacious and also has a little garden, with a lake and several tangerine trees.We got  there by taxi but you can also take bus 600 from Jeju International Airport (Bus Stop 1).
Great place for a respite from city life
Beautiful quiet temple tucked away from the hustle of city life. expansive and breathtaking. There were prayers ongoing while we were there which were very relaxing to listen to just sitting quietly by. there's a little garden out in the front as well. Guests can arrange for a temple stay here too.
wow
it's a bit off the beat but still quite a few tourists find their way but mainly by car or bus tour. Went there by bus which is still pretty easy.
