The southernmost island of Korea, Marado Island!
Marado island is small island but it has amazing view. You can see the wide field, blue sea,and Jeju-representing rocks.You can borrow a bike and look around the island riding a bike. And there is also a good restaurants. They use Jeju local specialities.
Tiny Beautiful Daughter of Jeju Island
We went to Marado Island by taking a 1 h-long ferry from Jeju Island (Daejung-Eup, Hamo ri). The ferry was nice and the could stand in either deck to enjoy the scenic view of the ocean. When you approach the island you could see the beauty of volcanic layers that forms the island and the interface of volcanic rocks and ocean was amazing. Walking is the best way to enjoy the island and you may spend nearly 3 h in the island. There are a couple of restaurants, a beautiful buddha temple, a church etc. A nice half-day trip. Highly recommended.
lovely island
We went there by ferry, it takes around 1 hour, small but really nice island, must visit if you are in Jeju, it is the southern area of south Korea, population is only 90 , no cars aloud on the island you can make the whole tour by foot in 1 hour and a lot of beautiful scenery to see so prepare camera
Southernmost Isle of Korea
Marado Island is remote, largely barren, and is "nearly" empty. There is a small population of island residents. There is a small oddly shaped church, a Buddhist temple, and a lighthouse. As far as buildings go, there is little of interest. The primary feature of Marado is the rugged coastline, typical of Jeju-do. Doesn't sound that appealing? Yet, I did enjoy my visit here because it is nice to see a part of Jeju that is largely unaffected by tourism, small museums, resorts, golf, or honeymooners. The ferry does not depart too frequently. Once you arrive on Marado, you really can only do one thing, walk around the entire island, which only takes 2 hours. If the weather is nice (May-August), you should be able to get some pretty pictures of the rugged coast, bright green grass, and some of the lonely buildings on the island.Some of these small island communities are such a contrast to our (foreigners) perception of Korea, that a visit in itself helps creates a more broad image of the country. A worthy experience, that I would recommend if you have plenty of time on Jeju Island.
