Visit before the masses return
We arrived at 10am and the place was delightfully empty. The downside was that there was no glassblowing display. However, the walks, the gardens and the exhibits are all interesting and enjoyable. Families of all ages can spend a good hour here.
Neat pieces
The area did look older but we still enjoyed the pieces. The indoor pieces were probably my favorite.
Jeju Glass
The glass museum is well presented and extremely pleasant environment!While the building seems modern and edgy the products are sweet rather than overly modern! If the gift shop is not making a huge profit it is because the gifts seem dated!
Beautiful place with many artifacts
Worth visiting and spending a few hours enjoying many artifacts made of glass! Full of suggestions to bring back home for gifts!
The glasswork is beautiful...
...but the place itself looks almost abbandoned. Around 10 min walk from the nearest bus stop. Artistic glasswork presented in the park. Probably it's better to visit after dawn - it will be illuminated.
Must see attraction
We really enjoyed this part of the weekend. I would even like to return. Superior glass art and plenty of outdoor walking through the facilities. Highly recommend this be on your short list.
One of the better museums
This was worth the entry fee.  There is a nice walking tour of the "museum".  It was interesting to see all the glass displays in the forest.  We really enjoyed the walk through the exhibits
Disappointment!
Visited this Museum in Dec 2017 with my family. Entrance ticket costs 34,000kwon for 2 adults and 2 children.  The place basically is run-down, glasses broken, dirty and colour faded over the years.  I didn't bother to check on the cafe inside and left the museum in 15mins.  Nothing special in the gift shop as well. Total waste of my money and my time travelled to visit the so called museum.  If you intend to visit this Jeju Glass Museum, don't bother!
Disappointed!
I have visited the glass castle on another area of Jeju Island so I was expecting at least something similar or better but nah~ it was disappointing! The glass pieces were looking old and dirty and the artwork of them wasn’t that impressive either... It would look better when it is dark I think but not a place to visit during the day..
Must see
I did not expect what I saw at this museum.  It's was so pretty.  Not a big place but it was worth the trip.  I highly recommend this place.
you must really like glass
being a glass museum, it really contains everything glass. i love the art pieces and how intricate the details are and all, but if youre short on time, this place is worth a skip unless youre REALLY into glass. i would recommend however, trying the glass making pendant pieces though. its worth the price and experience.
Really unique
Took a lot of photos here, to the point that my phone died on me.There is an indoor section, and an outdoor one, both of them is beautiful.The outdoor one is kind of inside the forest or something, I missed it but my family didn't.I saw photos and videos of the outdoor section and it was so beautiful, even better than the indoor one, it was amazing, like an enchanted forest or something, magical!Pay attention the path to the outdoor section is easy to miss.It's kind of seperated or something.Will definitely revisit.Visited in Summer of 2015
The Enchanted Land!
It was a great experience! I was really amazed by the exhibits. They were made of glass and they came in different colours, shapes and sizes. I would definitely recommend this place. This place will also appeal to kids!P.S. There is an entrance fee, but I forgot the amount. If you come in a large group, I believe that there is a group discount.
Amazing glass sculptures indoors as well as outdoors
This place is cool - we visited at night (possibly the best time to visit due to the lighting).  Every corner had something interesting and creative.
Ok...I guess
It looks like it has been abandoned for years, it has very nice artwork but it is also very dirty. The bathroom was disgusting. The gift shop smelled like cigarettes and had puddles of water every where. And the staff looked extremely bored and uninterested. I came at night so maybe the daytime is better. How ever I don't recommend it, definitely not worth the $8 per person day or night. (Got some nice pictures though)
Once a lifetime in fairytale land!!
awesome experience,the museum is definitely a must! laots of display ,amused by the cinderalla shoes
Interesting art place
Quite a good place with plenty of art work. But I missed the experiential glass making. I do think it is a good experience.
All things blown glass!
I wish that I had gone at night, lots of photo opportunities and use of colored glass of all kinds. My boy loves the glass maze and I enjoyed the glass flowers and art..
Loved it!
Love love love. Everything was beautiful. If you like just seeing different glass art works this is the place for you. It was between $11-12 for entry but of the "museums" in korea, this one is my favorite (lived in korea for 4 years). The jungle walk through that starts with some dinosaurs is kind of long but very gorgeous
Unexpected and Amazing
The outdoor adventure is very interesting. It's a bit unexpected as it is quite unbelievable to have glass decoration in the "jungle".
Super stunning attraction!
Very beautiful art work on display. Great for all types of groups! Amazing place for photos and for a different appreciation to art. Highly recommend!
Interesting place to drop by if you're driving past
An interesting museum with various glass sculptures including a large pyramid that you can walk through. Staff were kind enough to let us try glass blowing and have a few activities available - we made candles. Worth stopping for if you're in the area, but probably not worth a detour.
Weird experience
The place is not well-maintained, to say the least. It felt like a haunted theme park experience rather than a nice museum. The place was empty from visitors, basically there were hardly any staff present. The installations are rusty, the cafe and the restaurant were closed down. All in all, it felt haunted therefore we left with some bizarre feelings. I'm sure once it was beautiful but neglect made its damage.
Fun for all ages
Overall, the glass museum was a good experience. Everyone ranging from my 4 year old to my 70 mother found something to "ohhh" and "ahhhhh" about. My little one especially liked going through the "forest" with the glass mushrooms, butterflies, and lanterns. I wished we had a bit more time to explored the shop as there was an artist on site who could paint your name inside a teeny glass globe.
Marvellous Glass Art
In Jeju, we had the opportunity to visit the Jeju Art Museum & Glass Castle, which is a theme park featuring an exhibition hall, garden and models made entirely of glass. One must spent at least two hours or more to walk around the indoor and outdoor areas.  Nearby the entrance, there is a display “Glass Worldwide” and the countries that produced glass are mentioned here - China, Italy, Czech Republic, Arab and Japan. Once you step indoor, a large glass beanstalk from the fairytale “Jack & the Beanstalk” will greet visitors.The world’s largest all-glass labyrinth, glass ball, glass diamond, a glass stonewall, mirror lake and a glass bridge are found in the model parks here. In one part of the outdoor theme park are Cinderella’s glass slippers and a glass carriage. One will be held in awe at the marvellous pieces of art, all made entirely out of glass! Truly an eye opening experience!
The worst place i have ever been at
The museum was very very hard to find. The employees were rude and unpleasant. The glass "art" is just a pile of glorified junk.  I regeret wasting my time there with my boyfriend. The entrance fee is a joke, please Do NOT go there
Amazing Glass Castle!!!
It's such a nice place to be there .  It so amazing that the whole area is make of glass .  There is a park that you can go around, the benches , flowers , country flag and more are made of glass.  You also can see Cinderella glass shoes in different colours .  It's worth to see all this thing that i dont see in my country.   The most impresed me is the toilet !!!
Nice glass art :)
We were mesmerized with the glass art. Such detailed work! The route made it easier to walk and enjoy all the glass art. Admission fee is 11,000 won. There were also one part of the park that showed glass palace, but we end up walking about 10minutes and no castle was in our sight, quite disappointed. P/S: you can find cute fridge magnet of jeju at the end of the souvenir shop. There were only 1,000 won for one. Very cheap for a fridge magnet I think.
Just glass art
I couldn't really appreciate the beauty of glass art. My husband and I completed the entire tour by our own within a few mins. Go unless you know how to appreciate glass art.
Amazing
At first, i thought it was another museum but i was amazed by all the detail and display of all the artwork.  Great for families, couples,  and all.  I recommend buying tickets in advance online as i have found all the museums in jeju island to be at least 2000 won cheaper.
Expensive
The museum is mostly outdoors and everything is made of glass. However, the garden it self is not looked after very well. We also thought you were able to make your own glass, but thats not what happened. Instead we had to choose one glass and paint it and fill it with color sand.. Not worth 38000 for enter and this piece of glass.. The museum should be renovated..
Preatty glasses, a must visit in jeju
Amazing glasses, many shapes from grass, flower, horse train, many things. O cisit with group tour in daylight and i like it. I wonder it must be more beautiful when at night, seing the pics from other member
Not a must to go
A place full of Glass art~ Many things is made of glass even the flowers and grass.Unless you are a Glass lover else Can give it a miss?
Just a place full of glass art
I'm traveling with a tour group and I think we stopped by this place because it's close to the O'sulloc Tea Museum. I'm not a fan of glass art and I feel that the glass art shown here were not that amazing.Another thing is that there's a lot of outdoor exhibition, so it is not a good place to visit if it's raining.
Very nice
the Glass museum was very nice.We were amazed how they showed us the process of making a glass bottle.We have bought souvenirs from there..
Nice scenery, but not much of a falls
Nice walk to the falls, but cost 2.00 per person to walk down to the falls. Very crowded with tourist. The actual walk to the falls was nicer than the actual falls itself.   A nice stop if you're in the area, but not worth the drive just to see the falls.
the difference between day visit and night visit
The last time when i was visiting the glass museum was in the night time and this time round was in the day timeI have see the difference between the day and night and i personally like the night time as all the light are lighted up and it is so beautiful and romantic.
Glass
Must try the toilets , you will love it ! Go in the midday and hopefully there is some sun to shine thru the glass , it can create all kinds of colour.
To understand the art of glass making
The brochure states that is a glass castle. This is definitely not a glass castle but a fun museum, so if you have kids and they are expecting to see a Cinderella kind of environment, well, this is not .What you find though it's the explanation on how glass in made and transformed in different shapes (entrance) to different kind of finished product. If you want, you can also have a go (helped by professionals)!It's a good, small scale museum and it's quite entertaining and educational. A mention of honor goes to the ticket guy at the entrance. On our way out we asked him to help us out to get a taxi. He was the sweetest and hard-core-customer orientated guy I saw in action in Jeju (and, I must admit they are all very good). He tried to get a taxi for us, getting the price, helping us (mind you, his English was limited, so he struggled a lot but nonetheless worked hard to explain us everything he could) and even giving us for free a cold bottle of water whilst waiting outside (for the taxi). You could see he was really trying his best and I hope someone from the Museum will read this feed-back and rewarding him.One thing I would avoid is the Coffee Shop inside the museum. You will find a girl with a grudge (promise you...the whole time), doing nothing but playing with her mobile and almost being upset by you interrupting her during her game. I think this is the only person in Jeju I have found soooooooo..... unhappy and customer unfriendly? Maybe the ticket guy could teach her?Another note: you can get a 30% reduction ticket for the submarine a few kilometers away.
Fun place
The museum had some very nice glass art pieces, even with a flower garden made entirely of glass. Nice and fun place for the young and old. However the maintenance of the place could be better and some areas looked a little under-maintained.
Loved It!
This was the best of all my adventures! It was bright, beautiful, colorful and full of lots of energy! I can go back and take family...
Nice park and museum with creative ideas
Plenty of interesting glass installations in the park and museum. Really worth to see. Very nice and friendly owner. Many beautiful things and funny toys in the shop. The best way to get there is by taxi, it's about $15 from Seogwipo city center.
Dull and Too Expensive
What is offered at the Glass Museum does not justify its 9,000 won entrance fee.There is a garden with glass flowers, glass birds, and other ornaments. The displays are dull and although they probably took a lot of time and effort to make, the whole place seems like something that would have been more interesting 15 years ago.
Love this place!
We had a lovely time here checking out all the lovely glass items on display. Indeed very creative. For someone who love photo taking, this is indeed a must visit place in Jeju
Pieces of art!
Visited the Glass Museum and I enjoyed every minute of it! It was fascinating to see how different coloured glass of different shapes and sizes were used to form different pieces of art. They ranged from different type of flowers, to a maze, to a "tunnel" and many other forms of objects!This is certainly a place for the family as well if you're visiting and I'm sure everyone will have loads of fun!
Glass Galore
Be careful what you do. Just kidding, fret not for breaking anything. The biggest chance of you breaking anything here would be in the souvenir shop. A beautiful museum to go to, to see everything created out of glass pieces. How a simple, yet breakable piece of glass can turn into an artpiece which seems as strong as the pillars of a temple.I like the glass tulips best, a great number of them around this museum. It really shows Korea being a Tulip country, as I get to see these lovely, brightly coloured flowers everywhere. There's a little cafe in there which I thought was a very beautiful cafe, made out of glass. The table you use, the chairs you sit are all made out of glass, added with colour.Surprisingly, the thing you should be checking out is the stand alone toilets, one for female, the other for male. Yes, it's made of glass and from the inside, you can actually see through to the outside! Don't worry, your privacy is intact while answering nature's call, because it's tainted black from the outside and people cannot actually see anything inside! So don't be surprised to see people taking a look at their reflections and doing funny poses while you are doing your business in the toilet. Have a good laugh instead!
