first time to ride
we went to this lovely park with our children and we ride the horses for a 15 minutes enjoying the spectacular views. I recommend it for a visit.
excellent performance of a horse show
I enjoyed the show very much. The young performers are skillful and must put a lot of effort for the show. It is totally beyond expectation. However, the horse riding experience was not worth to try. The staff was not friendly and official photo-taking costs too much. If it is not the first time to experience horse-riding, I would tell you "don't".
Nice
No one else but us.If you can stand the smell and you live animals, then you will enjoy this place.Visited in Summer of 2015
My first horse ridding
This is my fisrt experience to ridding horse. It was amazing memory to me. I feel like ridding the cloud. And now i know horse is not dangerous animail.They are so lovely. That's why i would like to raise horse in my home. lol.I heard that Korean proverb show that Jeju Island is an good place for raising horses from jeju people.And local people said that original jeju horses are smaller than others. I don't know why.Give it a try and you guys must love it, if you are not scared about horses.The fee is quite expensive.
Beautiful Location--Interesting Information and Activities
Horses are a big part of the Jeju culture, and Jeju Horse Park is a pretty cool place.  Its museum includes many photographs, artifacts and a video telling the story of the Jeju "ma," or pony, which is descended from the ponies brought to the island by Mongol invaders.  The island was considered a good place to raise horses, and the Mongols used it as such.  At the park, you can also ride the horses.  There is a great giftshop with lots of local handmade items.  Children or even adults can make related crafts in an activity room.  The building itself is round like a ger, the traditional nomadic tents used by the Mongols.  The top deck includes a fabulous 360-degree view of the "oreums" (small cinder-cones or parasitic volcanoes) that literally ring the area of the park.  Inside the railing, an artist has painted the oreums, along with their names.  So, you can know exactly which oreums you are viewing.  There are also some actual Mongolian gers  (also known as yurts in other nomadic cultures).  I believe tourists can actually spend the night in one of the gers.  One thing to consider: If you want to visit, you must either have your own transportation or go with someone who does.  It's kind of far from anywhere, and bus service may not operate in that area.  Likewise, taxis don't just happen by.  But, it is a beautiful area and interesting for the entire family  We visited in the spring, and there were also lots of colorful wildflowers.  Plan to spend a few hours there, especially if you will ride the horses.
