Fans dedicated a small area to G-Dragon
There is a cafe at level 2 and a small gift shop selling Hallabong items after walking through their tangerines greenhouse. There is also a small museum where kids could learn about tangerines but they are mostly in Korean.Outside, the korean fans dedicated a small hectre of tangerine plantation to G-Dragon. There is even a Kwon Jiyong Tree. But since we were there in late March, the weather was still pretty chilly, so the leaves are not growing yet.You could ask the reception where it is, its just nearby. However do try asking them as "G-Dragon" forest. i tried saying as "GD", but they dont really get it. Lol.
Skip this citrus museum ...
Granted, we went during the off season, but i can’t think that it would be much better in the peak season.  Several of the displays did not work, and there was no place to get a real meal if you were hungry.  The one redeeming feature was the greenhouse that contained the different citrus trees.
An average non profit place
I actually came here planning to pick tangerines but to my disappointment there was no sight of a tangerine picking activity in sight... until I found an English/Korean brochure at the empty information counter. The only other people whom we could ask for help are the people working at an art activity at the entrance hall. They could not speak or understand English or Mandarin very well. However, the art activity they were holding seemed very interesting if you are curious. They were designing tangerines/fruits onto these clay plates, but I was told you had to cough up some cash for. Other than that, touring the museum and picking the tangerines were free.We went to look around the tangerine museum but came out quite disappointed and upset. It was uninteresting waste of time. The museum also felt quite old and outdated, and would recommend you just skip going in (thank god it was for free) and go straight ahead to pick tangerines (which is also free!)I only managed to find the tangerine plantation after walking through a huge tangerine plant-house that only allows you to walk one-way. It was also an uninteresting and non-fulfilling walk with all the tangerine plants looking exactly the same despite what the markers on the ground tell you otherwise. It was a long walk despite all the plants having minimal diversity to showcase. We were properly led to the tangerine plantation  only after I found a worker there and pointed out to him the description for the tangerine picking activity on the brochure I picked up at the entrance.The tangerine picking was wonderful. They gave us gardening pliers (2 only for a family of 7) and allowed us to pick a maximum of 3 tangerines. We went a little overboard and picked more than we should have. There was someone there to keep a lookout, but he kind of just turned a blind eye to what we were doing. This place really isn't that worth checking out if you ask me. There is little help available and you can technically pick tangerines all over Jeju (a souvenir store in the museum sold a box of tangerines for S$50) because the island is filled with tangerine trees. But I couldn't really expect much from a place that did not take our money. But if you want to pick tangerines the proper way and not risk the locals chastising you for picking tangerines off the street then feel free to come here.
Good Experience
Except a receptionist, very good place.I strongly recommend this place.Museum, Korean mandarin cookies making, foot bath, a large botanical garden, picking Korean mandarins.You can stay just a hour, but You'd better use more time.It's not free, but absolutely not expensive.
All things citrus
Great to learn about local citrus history. Lots of space to walk around and enjoy. Tangerine plucking experience. Ask them how to choose sweet ones.
lemon zest
Interesting to learn about the history of citrus, including the local history of the mandarin organges, but you won't need to spend a lot of time here. Museum includes green houses with citrus trees from all over the world.
