Commendable staff
We visited on 23rd October. A misfortune happened at about 5.15pm when we were about to leave, our rented car could not start due to no battery. Our baby was temporarily locked in the car so a helpful bystander helped us to opened the door using manual lock and called the car rental company. After a long wait we gotten the staffs at the park to help.the 'gatekeepers' were friendly enough to let us stayed there while awaiting help to arrive. A thin tall lady staff without spectacles came to our help and called the car rental company as we could not understand the options given in Korean. She explained to us and reassured us in English fluently. She also took extra care to follow up and waited til a tow car to help to jump start the rented car. I think by that time her shift is over as few staffs waiting for her too. We are indeed thankful for her and the staffs on that day. Cocomong Ecopark does have a good commendable staff. thank you.Park wise games and design are well thought and worth the entry ticket. The slide down on tire is fun though it looked a bit scary but it is safe. Cafe has got a nice sea view.
Great place for kids
This park is relatively new and a haven for kids. Within the park there are play areas for toddlers and young kids. There is a sandpit, a tube slide, an outdoor playground, swings, car and train rides, flying fox, indoor playground etc. The train and car rides are available at extra charges.There is a baby changing room, makes it convenient for parents with babies. Flying fox is for kids above 100cm but they have the mini version for kids below that height. Indoor playground is a rather big area which is toddler friendly. There are seats for parents to wait while the kids play their fill in the indoor playground. There is also a restaurant within the park with amazing sea views. My daughter had an amazing time as the park was not crowded when we visited. Overall its a nice park to visit if u have kids below age of 7.
Great For Kids
Our son LOVED it here and has been asking to go back daily since we left. It could use a few more things to do, but you can easily spend a good few hours here, especially if your children are familiar with the animation. Everything seemed very safe and well organized. We didn't pay extra money to go into the play area, but it sounded like kids were having a blast in there too. No idea why adults have to pay entrance though.... as theres nothing for adults to really do and the only reason they are entering is to go with their children. Many play parks around Korea offer free entry for adults, it's a shame here doesn't follow suit. Also, the kids play room with the balls and lego blocks is a little lacking..... our son still loved it, but it could use a few more items to build/play with  etc
Great park for young kids
My 2.5 year old son loved this park so we went there twice.  There are classic activities like sand and bubbles and playroom and challenging ones like big slides, tree house… My husband and I had fun too!  The restaurant there has a breath taking view.  If you have kids from 2-5, this is a must go park!  We want to go back there again!
Excellent fo little ones
Everything on this park looked like new and my two princesses certainly enjoyed heir time there. Therre lots of slides, playgrounds outdoors and indoors, game for litlle kids and the staff is always ready to help out. You can spend probably half day here not more Tlahn that as it is it that big either
Tickets from $7.50
