Hidden gem
Has serene garden, $3 entrance fee. They preserved the deceased artists study which was interesting. The photos had a rare spiritual feel to them.  Out of the way, took almost an hour to get there from our hotel in seoguipo, be careful not to speed above posted speed limit - there were about 20 traffic cameras along the way and even saw two impromptu mobile speed camera setups.
Photographer that found the true beauty of JEJU
It was easy for me to relate and discover the true beauty of Jeju. The natural hills and nature was this late photographer's muse. It opened my eyes to actually feel Jeju.
Wonderful healing place
Just go and feel peace. .I came here Jeju 6th time. I am very happy to found this place. You can feel peace. . from the bottom of your heart.
Enjoy the opportunity to see the photographs that the late photographer wanted you to see
This is a gallery that a late photographer, Kim younggap, in his last days with Lou Gehrig's disease,  established to store his films and photographs. This used to be an abandoned primary school. He designed the gallery, the garden and the gate. His photographs show beauty of this islands in a completely different light. That is simply gorgeous as it is. The best thing I liked about visiting this gallery was how he arranged this island's native rocks in his garden. Native rocks of Jeju islands are very very dark. Any color you bring against it shines. The garden makes you see it, and I think that's what he wanted to say in his garden. Check out the photographs. I think it is eye opening.
Jeju native photographer
This small gallery is tucked away on the southeastern side of the island, but if you're planning on going to a folk village, it's can be easily placed into your itinerary and is a nice break from all of the tourist attractions around the island. The gallery is really just two halls of one guy, KimYoungGap’s, work. The photographer, now deceased, only photographed Jeju during his career and it was interesting to see the different landscapes of the island - landscapes that most of us don't see simply because we're so busy checking off all the tourist "must-sees”. This was the only place that our driver, a Jeju native, ran into friends and it was fascinating to note that they could name practically every hill in each picture because each hill (to the natives) was so distinct.The whole visit, including the garden entrance, takes thirty minutes or so. Admissions was 4,000 KRW, but they give you a nice postcard (well, basically, they force you to buy a postcard). Still, the place is well kept, including their bathroom, and we enjoyed our visit enough to buy a photo book.  Note that the parking lot is across the street and that you can’t enter with beverages or big bags. You have to leave them at the front.
