Good show, my kids enjoyed it!
A 50 min good show! Though we do not understand their language. The intro a bit nagging, but overall the show still okay for us! It started with some introduction, monkey show, sealion and dolphin. After the show we can take photo with the dolphin but subjected to the availability of the photo ticket which cost 10k won. I personally think that is reasonable as you can take photo with the dolphin very near unfortunately, we are not able to grab the photo ticket due to language constraint. If we have known this, we will immediately buy it over the counter. There is a souvenir shop outside and plenty of restaurant/café outside. Entrance ticket will be adult 15k and child 10k.
Abused animals, a show unbearable to watch.
I went to the Marine Park (Pacific Land) that proposes a show with dolphins, sea lions and monkeys. I went there with my friends, thinking it was an aquarium, and I do not recommend this place at all! What they're doing to this beautiful animals is pure cruelty. We can obviously see the intensive training, the abuse and the fear these poor animals (monkeys, dolphins) are going through. There was a baby dolphin completely lost and unable to do the show in this tiny tank, but they forced the adults to do the show again and again, until the baby succeeded it. The baby ended up banging his head on the wall.. It was just unbearable to watch. After that, no food in return for the others. The animals shouldn't be here, and treated like that. I'm surprised no one launched a petition against this facility yet. Its just pure sadness, cruelty. It's not something children should see... I do not recommend it.
Disappointing
This was a very disappointing excursion. I've been to a number of international aquariums (Sydney and Cape Town - two of the best I've been to) and this one really pales in comparison - it's more a dolphin/seal show than an aquarium. We were shocked to discover that there doesn't even appear to be outdoor pools for the resident seals and dolphins! The animals did appear to be in good condition, but I'm not a big fan of animals putting on shows for humans, I prefer to just be able to observe them in their "natural" surroundings. The place seemed pretty popular with the locals though.
Good seafood open beer tab
Seems to be very popular with the locals there are shows with dolphins, you can rent a boat and see wild dolphins, and do some other marine activities. Everything is Korean no English flyers so we only had the seafood buffet with an open draft tab for local beer. I like the grilled clams and the crab bisque.
A nice resort area
We went to the Pacific Land for a seafood buffet (Shangri -la seafood club) and it was okay. The restaurant was very popular with locals.This is a resort area with open air music and you can book a cruise, or sunbath on the beach.
Tickets from $7.50
