Nice place for photos
Good to add to the itinerary when it is not wet weather or too hot. Most of the world iconic landmarks can be found here. The swing is great for couple photo.
Mini world tour
In this place there are a lot of landmarks. Well you can visit with your friends or with your family. But because this place is outdoor please be prepare for the sun and wind. This place is beautiful and there are a lot of photo spots in here.
Nice visit
Good place to see all the monuments in one time.It takes around 1 hour and half to visit all the park and the price is 9,000Krw for one adult.Some monuments needs some refresh work but the others are in a good state.
Travel the world, sort of
The overall theme was a good one, cause you get to see the various famous landmarks in a fraction of its size. We went on a day where there wasn't many people, so thats a good thing, cause we can take our time with the photographs. The entrance fee was the most expensive among all the entrance fee, standing at 20,000 won for 3 people (2 adult, 1 student), but it was pretty fun despite the shabby appearances.
Cute miniatures and charming theme
Come here once and you don't need to travel the world. Here you'll find minis of dozens of world wide land marks, a short and relatively small attraction that can be conquered in under an hour. Good fun and very charming.
Good theme, but need to improve
C1 ( 2016.07.13 ) This park had good theme with world architecture, and good to walk to enjoy various sculpture. But the sculpture was old and need to mend, I think. The theme was excellent, but the facility was too old and unclean. For children, there was good to see world sculpture.
Kids like it especially the mini train ride
I think the best part is the mini train ride where you actually drive the train yoursel with the kids sit at the back. My kid like train ride, that's why I think it's worth a visit and rate this place very good. Otherwise you can have chance to visit some of the world most famous architecture in an hour.
Many small scluptures
I liked this place because of many international small icons.However, I can tell this is really fake and sculptures are not quite perfect. But good to see all well know things.
Interesting and neat!
I agree with the other reviewers in regards to the maintenance of the museum...but still fun to see all the models out in display.  Theyre much largers than i had thought but some looked a little amateurish... great museum for pictures and history...
Not as good as i imagine
Many miniatures looks old..and the rain makes our visit more dissapointed..i think they need some renovation to make it looks modern and fancy..
Tickets from $7.50
Poorly maintained, but fun enough for us
We have fun taking photos here even some miniatures looked old and not properly maintained. It would be such nice place to introduce the world famous building and attractions to your kids (and to adult as well). I wish they add more models to the park and revamp the old ones. Nevertheless, it was fun enough for us. Make sure to go early as when there are too many people, they might disturb you while taking photos.Admission fee for adult: approx. KRW9000
Average but still had fun
This miniature park is more for children & the young. Needless to say, my little nephew & myself still had fun photo-taking & running around. I wish there were more miniatures to see. But still worth a visit if you haven't travelled half of the world yet
the buildings/model look fake
i was excited to visit this park. unfortunately the park did not meet expectation. most of the models look fake, poorly maintained. maybe this park suitable for school kids to introduce them to the famous architecture.  i really hope they do something to make sure visitors enjoy this miniature theme park. anyways, the concept is good. but not the models.
Mini attractions
This miniature park had all the famous attractions from around the world which was great for viewing, especially when we haven't had the chance to see the real thing. However, you could see the place was a bit old and definitely needed some maintenance. So this place is definitely not for the fussy, but still worth a visit if you had time.
Give this a miss.
The park was poorly maintained, the water in the pond was murky and had many fallen leaves. The minatures looked so fake and some had paint chips. Give this a miss.
miniature park but boring
lots of countries miniatures but they looked so lame and not real.. a few cartoon figurines were okmy daughter liked the smurf village though some paints were chipped off here and therenot worth the visit though
Lame
You can't even get to the miniatures to take any cool pics.  They are surrounded by hedges, which also ruins any pictures taken at scale.
Tickets from $7.50
