Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Not the best place
To be honest the place is very pretty and there is a tangerine picking farm inside (Jeju tangeries are famous in Korea) but I found the place pricey, and I have seen some animals there but I am not sure in which condition they live under. Then after I left I learned that they do pigs shows there and I don't feel really good about that.
Nightmare place for animals
Visited this place in Feb19 and was quite appalled by the treatment of the animals. The rabbits were allowed to roam within an enclosed area accessible to visitors. However there is no one monitoring that the rabbits are treated properly. The living conditions of the animals are filthy. The absolute horror was the black pig show. What's so entertaining about forcing terrified black pigs down a water slide?? Tasteless entertainment with no educational value. Paying the entrance fee of 13000won per person, I would expect some of it to be channeled to upkeep the living conditions of the animals. The blooms in the park were alright with spots for Instagram pictures but nothing spectacular.
Park with ghastly animal "shows"
Visited the park in Feb. Pretty blooms of camellia and cherry blossoms. Unfortunately the park keeps animals such as rabbits and pigs. The rabbits are not kept in proper conditions. More appalling is a black pig show where pigs are made to run up a ramp and slide down a very steep 1.5 storey slope. Not sure how any one can find this "show" entertaining. What do children learn about such a performance where animals are at risk of injury for the amusement of humans? Ghastly place. Stay away unless taking Instagram pictures in fake settings are your thing.
Bloomy camellia and fall in love with red flower way
동백 꽃 축제를 즐겨보세요. 15000원이라는 가격이 아깝지 않으실거예요. 단 연인과 갔을때요 ㅎ혼자는 조금 외로워요. 다들 커플이라 ㅋIf you like to take photos of bloomy camellia,I would recommend to visit in Hueree.From November to Feb., there is festival of camellia. Your girl would be joyful to spend time in the place.  However, the price is a little expensive as 15,000won per person. Enjoy the camellia
Interesting no tourist hideout
Its a simple place for family with kids where local goes there. If you drive, its a good chill out place to pluck oranges during the right season !
It is a fun park for family.
This park has a trail, insect specimens, pig show, petting zoo and several activities such as horse riding and tangerine picking.It is a good excursion place for everybody especially for family.
