Different Experience
It was a rainy day out, so decided to check out indoor activities, def a lot of cool stuff here, smaller museum
She sells seashells ...
Part museum, part art gallery and totally worth a visit. The shells are wonderfully displayed in a variety of artistic designs that enhance the viewing experience. Absolutely worth a visit.
World Class Seashell Museum
I loved this museum so much! The seashells and paintings exhibited at this museum is awesome and seriously beautiful.  Everything that you see in and around this museum is so artistic and shows so much of passion in it.  The cafe within the vicinity is equally beautiful that offers good coffee and bread too!
World of Seashells
Visit this place even if you not interested or lover of sea shells at least to recognise the sheer efforts put in by Ms Myeong Yeon Sook, the director of this museum and owner of this place. This museum which has over 7,800 variety and accounting to more than millions of sea shells originating in Jeju and the world is the brain child of Ms Sook and master Metal craftsman Kwon Oh-Kyun.The beauty of these sea shells are to be seen to be believed. They have been arranged and displayed so artistically that one may easily mistake it as a painting.One may not see much of visitors around, but this really helps as we go around enjoying the magic of nature.Entrance fee is a bit high, but really worth it, considering the efforts put in to bring this huge collection of sea shells under one roof and creating the world’s first seashell museum.
Must visit
Jeju has tonnes of 'museums' to draw in cash from tourists. Most of these are silly, man-made museums having no connection whatsoever to Jeju or even Korea. It is almost a sin to spend time in these museums while in Jeju, instead of enjoying the scenery outdoors.However I would reallly recommend a stop at the seashell museum if you have an hour to spare in the Seogwipo area. The labor of love of 1 woman, this place houses a staggering collection of shells from all over the world, crafted into stunning displays. Seashells so pretty, its hard to believe they are real..but they are.There's also a small shop to purchase souvenirs if you'd like but they don't pressure you. Also attached is a cafe.Close by to a bus stop.
beautiful shells but expensive gift shop
We loved looking at the shells collected from all over the world.  They were artistically arranged.  It was well worth the $6.00 entrance fee and I received pearl stud earrings for free.  The gift shop was expensive and bordered on tacky.  The few shells for sale were very expensive, $68.00 for a small shell.
Artistic Place 💕
I really enjoy this place spend almost 2 hours here. Should come to visit if you stay in Seogwipo, Jeju city
Quick tour
It's part of our Jeju tour we stopped by.Beautiful collections spread throughout several floors.  Lots of nice handiwork.  Didn't have much time to view but for those who are interested in these kind of stuff it's a must see, otherwise half an hour visit would be plenty.There's also restroom and cafe on premise.
Amazing
This is the most beautiful museum I have ever visited - absolutely packed with three floors of seashell art. When we visited there was no one else there at all! I have no idea why - but I probably wouldn't have enjoyed it as much if it was so busy. It was a bit more expensive than expected, probably because it doesn't get as many visitors, but it was well worth it and I got a free pair of earrings! Definitely go - they have a cafe too.
Surprisingly good!
There is nearly no advertisement for this museum in the city. I saw the sign at the traffic and wanted to give it a try. The building is so small that when i arrived I thought it will be a quick tiny event. But once you are inside you will be amazed by the beauty and the variety of seashells. Most of the explanations are in Korean but still nothing can stop you to enjoy this museum. At the roof, there is a giant shell, which you can go in and have a photo. There is also a small shop where you can buy gifts to your loved ones and something for yourself too.
Breathtaking collection!
If you have a passion for the ocean's natural beauty and appreciate seashells this is the only collection you'll ever need to see. Inspired myself to become even more of a collector. Truly a unique museum experience!
Lovely little  museum
The staff at the museum was lovely and welcoming, truly nice. The collection of seashell is quite impressive.
すばらしい博物館
i​mpressed museum.when i went chuniji waterfall i saw the this museum.artist made a grerat jobrecomend museum in jejuお勧めです。
Unique
This museum provided so much variety and information from around the globe. Kids would get bored but if you enjoy art and seeing the natural beauty of the ocean than this is a good place to come. There are also an abundance of decently priced souvenirs and a cute Cafe! My wife also received free silver pearl earrings upon entry!
Lots and lots of seashell...
Nice to see the different types of seashell. However if you are short of time, it is okay to miss the place...
Must see if you love the sea
I took my girlfriend here as she absolutely loves all things aquatic, especially shells, and she loves to go diving. A highlight of this museum is that the owner/operator collected all the exhibits herself, from oceans all around the world, and the museum represents literally a lifetime of work and passion for the sea.Taking that into consideration, if you love to dive, and love the sea, this place is simply amazing, my girlfriend was absolutely in awe, snapping picture after picture and commenting on the rarity and difficulty of finding she'll after shell in such amazing condition. The museum was an interesting oddity for myself, and I understand the reviews saying you could go through the whole thin g in 20-30 minutes, but for someone who is truly amazed by seashells, and the sea in general, you could easily spend more than an hour here (we were there somewhere around 2 hours) If you love seashells, an absolute must see, my girlfriend visibly lit up from the minute we walked in , all the way till we were back to our hotel in 제주시 if you're not passionate about the shells, it's still worth a look at only 6$ (6,000₩) per person. Some truly amazing art, especially if you consider it all came from the mind, hands, and worldwide dives of one very cool lady.
very nice place
i went yesterday . this place was great. i really like it .and shop in the museum there are many art product.i bought one . good price and good design.i recomend this place.
Overpriced
I might not have the taste to appreciate the fine art, this is not a place for a young family. I agree that I am impressed by the collection of seashell, you can easily finish the tour in 30 mins. 6000won is a bit too much to pay.
Overpriced
I checked this place out based on the great reviews.  While the seashell collection is impressive, 6000 won was a bit steep for a place that takes about 15-20 minutes to check out.
Exquisite collections of Seashells!
For seashell lovers, this is a must visit museum with small entrance fee^^. They have the most exquisite collections of the world of seashells created into masterpieces of art collections. There are 2 storeys of them and a little cozy cafe on the ground floor to relax over a cup of coffee.
Awesome
Worth to visit, classy, fine art. This is an underrated destination, we do recommend it for adults looking for art and nature
A Wonderful Surprise!
At first, we thought this would just be a display of various seashells from around the world. But it was so much more than that! Just amazing and so artistic. This is more like a gallery of seashell and bronze art than a typical "museum". The artist has a brilliant eye for unique creations with seashells, making some of the installations really come to life. The staff were friendly and there is something to see at every turn (even the bathrooms!). Adult entrance fee: 6,000 won (approx. $5) and well worth it. You will not be disappointed with this museum! A wonderful surprise on our rainy day of touring.
Brilliant installations - unique and beautiful
It's one of the best small museums on Jeju island. I went there twice and each time spent couple of hours in sheer amazement and delight. Almost each sea shell installation strikes with its beauty. The bronze things are also interesting and sometimes funny. Check the bathroom, by the way :)There is much stuff in the gift shop but quite expensive. Small cafe is cozy arranged with bronze installations and green plants. Try tea and bagels, they are tasty.
A must see, absolutely brilliant
This place is breathtakingly beautiful with especially kind staff. Every piece of art is a masterpiece. Nice (but expensive) giftshop and cute coffeeplace. Don't miss it if you are close by. I visited this place on the last day of a worktrip and it left a wonderful feeling about Jeju.
