Spendid structure
2nd time at jeju and 2nd time visiting this stadium, the building is huge! You can see it from far away. Worth the go
Jeju World Cup Stadium
Really nice design for the stadium, volcano like. Brazil & Paraguay played here in 2002 FIFA WC. Close to the beach. Small but beautiful field.
Nice to drop by if you have time to spare
Except if you're a soccer or stadium fanatic, I wouldn't make a huge detour to go there, but if you have some time and are in the vicinity, it can be interesting. The stadium itself isn't all that huge (35,000 seats), but it's fairly modern and has a truly beautiful roof that looks like a canopy. There are things to do in the structure of the building (cinema, restaurants), but make sure to actually get Inside the stadium, which you can do freely and was a pleasant surprise for me. I guess it would be nice to go there on a match day but I didn't have this opportunity.
Okay to drop by
I wouldn't go out of my way to see it but it is fun walking through the place. There are still some shops and a small waterpark/spa that only opens fully in the summer. Very quiet almost ghost town type of feel. Go karts are near by to if your into that
Shabby and Messy
Have been to other football and the Olympic stadiums like the AC Milan one and those in Beijing, however, this one in Jeju is nothing. Firstly the signages are lousy. We followed the sign to the tour assembly but it turned out to be hall with different consignments and room vividly for the mainland Chinese tours.The stairs and inside the Sex Museum which is located on the second floor is dark and primitive. Interesting it was accessible by a stair in the middle of the carpark. But seeing the lightings as well as the Admission Fee notice printed on a torn A4 paper put on the window of the counter, we had no mood at all to enter into the museum.There is a spa land and other shops in the premises, but the signage is not updated, still indicating shops that were already closed.  The stadium has become a low-class event hall instead of holding information and the class of a worldwide event. The only good thing about this site is that it is free. We entered onto the seating area without seeing any guard or staff, but we got very disappointed especially compared with the AC Milan museum and stadium.
Worth a detour
Here was held the biggest event of the 2002 Korean and Japan Football World cup. The stadium blends in well with its surroundings, reminiscent of a small volcano in shape. The 6 pillars inside the ground represent the 6 continents.In rooms around the stadium, you can see memorabilia from the 2002 World Cup.Certainly worth a stop even if you're not a football fan.
Jeju United
The world cup stadium from 2002 is now the home of jeju united.Nice stadion with some shopping around. If you're in the area nice to see but not worth an extra trip.
Free Stadium Tour
Jeju World Cup Stadium is certainly worth stopping by if you are in the area. It looks superb from the outside and can be seen from a distance as you come down the hill from Seogwipo.Main entrance is open allowing you to walk in and spend some time in the stands for free. Tickets for Jeju United games are reasonably priced, and only attended up a small number of fans meaning they are up for grabs if you happen to time your visit in the K-League Classic season.Lots of busses pass by including the Airport Limo service (stop just in front) so pay a visit if you're a football fan or just want to see one of the 2002 World Cup's venues
Also a cinema inside
Didn't take the tour but it's a cool stadium and can be combined with a film too at a decent cinema.. Popcorn was very sweet !
Pretty cool design
This stadium had an awesome design. I wouldn't travel far to see it but it was on the way so I popped it. I couldn't go inside so viewed from behind the gate. I can imagine watching a game their would be great
Random
Never would have guessed but there's shopping, eating, a water park and movie theater at the world stadium.  Jeju triathlon was headquartered here so I did that business.  You can put on Hanboks (Korean clothing) and take pictures as well, that's all free.
All aboard.
Get a picture of the stadium from the highway. It looks like a ship sail:o) Its located right next to the beach and is great for photographers and anyone wanting to catch a soccer game!
Jeju World Cup
While biking around Jeju Island my friend and I came across the world cup stadium. We took a short break and strolled around getting a good look at it. the stadium is of an interesting architectural design.
Good size
This is really a good size building for a small community. The large overhead is suspended by cable in a clear white fabric.An invitation to sport
Interesting
Sports fans will probably enjoy this the most. Not really sure what to do here beyond appreciate the cool design for a couple of minutes and then go into the stadium for two more minutes. It's stunning, but likely best enjoyed during an actual game. The structure houses a sex museum (wasn't that interesting) and a paper doll museum (didn't try that one). Unless you're a soccer enthusiast or an architect, youll be fine enjoying its striking design as you drive by.
Excellent Stadium - Venue for 2002 FIFA World Cup
I strolled into the stadium primarily for my interest in sports. Unfortunately, during my stay on Jeju Island there were no games scheduled. The stadium is rather impressive and I would love to attend a major soccer game here.For any sports fan, stop by the stadium at the very least (15 minutes is sufficient). If you can buy tickets to a game, even better. Watching any Korean sporting event is an experience.
MASSIVE
This place is massive! Truly a great venue to walk around. While it was closed the day I was there, I walked around the entire stadium and was impressed with everything outside of it. I went to the "Maze" next door and took the hot air balloon ride which gave me a great view of INSIDE the stadium! This place is gorgeous!
A gigant clam!
Yes! From far away it looks like a gigant clam!. No touring was available when we where there, but we parked near by and walked close and took pictures. It is huge, it is worth seeing!
If possible, see a United Game!
The soccer games and cheap (6,000WON... about 6 USD) and the stadium is great. It was built for the World Cup in Korea in 2002. The schedules can be found online, just search Jeju United. You can bring your own food and drink (beer!). A great afternoon/night. Wear orange!
Can be a memorable landmark for football fans
if you appreciate football games, this can be a memorable place for you to go. basically there's nothing much you can do there because the stadium gates are closed so you wont get to enter the stadium. But still, you can camwhoring around there and once you are done, maybe you can consider to go shopping at E-Mart which located just across the street from the stadium
Impressive
We saw the World Cup Stadium at the start of Olle Trail 7-1. It was very impressive even though we could not enter the stadium. I'm glad we saw it!
Closed Stadium, but yet cool to look at
The Stadium is closed almost all the week long except when a match is there, no visits are allowed inside, may be because that was in winter. The nice thing is that you can picture it from outside inside in, and a nearby small shops community & large e-Market place to shop & eat in their food-court. Nice play ground area around to check & may be to practice for free, you can see the local folks play around with some apparatuses, and machines to fit up
Interesting place
It is interesting place if you like soccer. Stadium is one of the the place were World Cup games took place. Karting experience is available near the stadium (25,000 W per adult; 15 minutes).
Just spend time for a short visit
The architecture was beautiful. The stadium was opened to the public and you could enter the stands from one of the entrance beside a short exhibition on the world cup 2002.
Architecturally Futuristic
Very modern and if you love soccer go see it.  The outside of the building has 12 stone statues representing the soccer players who played here during the Olympics.
Just a stadium.... but a footballer's paradise....
It's just a stadium with some architectural appeal but the shape tells a story, which is interesting. Try telling any football aficionado that it just a stadium and you will get howls of protest!From the 2002 FIFA World Cup it is designed around "the mouth of a volcano " and its roof in the shape of nets of traditional fishing boats in Jeju.So looking at it in that respect makes it more interesting.It was not open when we visited as of course there are no games here at the moment (although open during the summer months) so it was like looking into a fish bowl without the fish.Outside the stadium are many stone crafted 'dol hareubangs ' carved from porous basalt (volcanic rock).The statues' faces feature grinning expressions and bulging eyes without pupils, a long, broad nose, and slight smile and their hands rest on their bellies.These are quite common throughout Jeju and can be quite comic and a little suggestive!Have a peek here if in the area just to have at look at the stadium design and also the rock statues.Enjoy your visit!
