Nice Rest in Cave in the Hot Summer Days
My family visited Ilchul Land in a humid, scorching hot summer days. Michun Cave is the place you should visit and feel refreshed in summer.
Botanist’s haven
It’s well maintained and well organized. The Micheon cave is one of a kind with colorful nooks worthy of a snapshot.
1700M Cave In The Park
Read that it was man- made garden !!  After the visit I felt that this was one of the best Garden ever visited.  The various plants and trees were really great and we spend a good 3 hrs walking round. The cave was wonderful ...   even thou only 350m is open to public.  Highly recommended even for adults .
Scenic Walkabout
This is a manmade park-like garden with a variety of plants and trees and water features.  It is well worth the time it takes to walk through the grounds, just for the experience of viewing the bucolic setting.  The main feature is Michon Cave which really didn't dazzle us as much as it apparently was supposed to.  It's just a cave in which one walks down a slope to see some tacky lights and statues.  The park, on the other hand, is scenic and pleasant.  There are some concessions where they sell the usual tourist stuff.
Man made garden with a cave
Ilchul land is a man made garden with a cave. It is immaculately set up and looked after. I was quite happy that we visited and have seen what we saw.
Only got to the entrance :(
We paid for our tickets and got past the entrance when it started pouring.  We waited it out for maybe an hour or more, but it didn't stop, only got harder.  The lady at the ice cream shop must have felt sorry for us because she gave us chairs to sit on while we waited and even some free chocolates.  We asked the ticket counter if we can get a refund since we didn't actually see anything except for the sign, but unfortunately they said no.  It seemed like it would have a been a great place if we actually got to go past the front hahaha!  At least they made a lot of money selling umbrellas that day.
Large, expansive botanical gardens and cave
The place is essentially a large botanical garden and cave in one attraction.First, botanical garden is quite large and can take quite a while to walk.  The grounds are nicely manicured, with many plants, flowers, and trees.  There are also some water fountains and small man made falls.  There are also some statues and other stone objects in the park.  There is also a greenhouse with various desert plants.  It certainly isn't something you really need to see, but it is a pleasant walk through the area.However, the main attraction is Micheon cave.  It is probably a naturally occurring cave.  Nonetheless, the cave's ground has been leveled artifically to make it easy to walk on - compared to Manjanggul Cave which has a very uneven and dangerous floor.  There is really not too much to see in the cave other than feel how cool it is and a few weird looking large figurines of cavemen...
lava tunnel is a must
You have to go down and see this tunnels , it can be this one or any other on the island. There are also very nice gardensa and statues at this site
Cool cave, good stroll around the sites
We went to Ilchul Land primarily for Micheon cave. For families and those with small children this cave is great. We even saw some strollers making there way in the dark. We went in July and while it was hot and humid outside, inside the cave we needed light jackets - the difference in temperature was that drastic. The kids walked down and immediately asked for their sweaters. That said, the temperature change was welcome on such a hot summer day. The cave is not very long which is great for kids, it's fairly well lit while maintaining the dark atmosphere of an underground cave. It's wet inside, like most caves are so be sure to have some good shoes on and the part open to the public is quite large with some parts requiring you to duck (clearance for a short section is 1.5 meters).Apart from the cave the other attractions are good if you're looking for a leisurely stroll with things to see.  The park is set up so that you follow a blue line on the ground that takes you through all the different parts of Ilchul Land. There were a number of sculptures, some gardens, Jeju stone men, and artwork. The cactus garden was hot and interesting. Not many "activities" on the walk but a good stroll. I forget the exact admission price but I believe it was about ₩10000 per adult and ₩7000 per child.
Goin on summer
Goin on summer, like another park, but the cave lil bit creepy, and i dont know feel very cold even its on summer. No guide in cave, and creepy.
Not worth visiting
We went in Jun and there were hardly any flowers. Mainly statues. Nothing much in the cave. Just like a normal park with a small man-made waterfall. Entrance fees not cheap, too. Don't waste your time !
Worth a visit
These caves are quite common all around the island, and this one is a well maintained and easily accessible example. Be aware though that if its been raining the day before you are likely to be dripped upon, but it's tolerable. Also, depending on the time of year, you will probably want to wrap up warm as it can be quite fesh inside.
Nice, pretty flowers; creepy cave
This place is pretty new I believe, it wasn’t built 3 years ago when I visited. It was a very enjoyable walk around, the place is pretty huge and in some areas, construction hadn’t finished yet. It’s basically a really huge garden, lots of really pretty flowers and areas to take photos of. And I believe there are some animal enclosures somewhere in the middle of the park too. Our guide recommended visiting this place and the cave they had here, saying that it was all better than Hallim Park. Though I personally preferred Hallim Park. I found the cave here to be pretty creepy and really dark, best to skip over if you aren’t into caves. There’s nothing much to see in the cave anyway.
Nice activities
Nice walk through with lots of photo chances.  All the descriptions were in korean but still was nice.  The cave was nice and i liked it was self guided.  The cactus display is worth visiting.
Micheon Cave & Folk Village
Located on the eastern part of Jeju lies Ilchul Land, a cultural spot that showcases Jeju’s ecology which consists of the Micheon Cave, Subyeon Park, Folk Village, Wild Flower Bonsai Garden, and Cactus Greenhouse etc… For fans of Running Man (런닝맨), this is one place to visit as the team actually filmed here before: various signboards showcasing certain place scenes (at certain corners) that occurred during the filming of Running Man; bringing you a step closer to your favorite Running Man characters! The first stop was Micheon Cave, a cave that is a designated Natural Monument and one of the representative lava tubes of Jeju. Within this cave lie beautifully landscaped and manicured gardens which include a pond (Chumsung Dae).After we were done with the Micheon Cave, it was off to visit the Folk Village with a little yummy ice-cream of a snack on the way. The village was a replica of what would have been in the past with a millstone and buildings with commentary. There were even ‘live’ black pigs which were as long as my golden retriever! *Black pork is apparently a famous product of Jeju.For more on my experience and photos, please check out my blog: http://www.travelbytez.com/2015/03/ilchul-land-micheon-cave-folk-village.html
The experience of walking/running in the footsteps of Running Man
If you are big fan of the Korean variety show Running Man (런닝맨), you will enjoy walking around Ilchul Land. Serious fans (like myself) will remember that the cast visited this attraction in 2012, episode 89, featuring the Alice in Wonderland theme. Ilchul Land is quick to play up on the connection for fans as there are various signboards placed around the attraction showing you exactly where certain scenes took place. Great for taking photos to show that you have been there!For regular visitors/tourists, Ilchul Land is more of like a very well maintained outdoor park, with lush and verdant landscaped scenery including bonsai plants, palm trees and even miniature waterfalls. However, the highlight for me was the natural underground cave/tunnel, which you can explore - do go all the way to the end (until you reach the roped off area) and mind your head as it is a bit low in parts. There are some carvings and statues placed inside the caves, whereas I would have preferred that it was left in its natural state. If I remember correctly, it was about a 10mins stroll all the way in. Other areas of interest within Ilchul Land would be the mock-up of a Korean village where you can see the famous Jeju black pig.All in all, you can probably spend about an hour at this attraction or less if you do a quick run through.
