bears, bears and more bears
The Joanne Bear Museum is one of the stops in the package tour that we availed of. It is basically a collection of stuffed bears that Joanne Oh has created, each bear hand made. There are three buildings where all the bears are housed. We were there in winter and the place was well-heated. The pathway between the buildings were open air, though. The bears came in different sizes, colors and variations. There are some depict historical or cultural scenes, others depict pop culture. The bears are all finely crafted. Unfortunately though, many of the signage are in Korean only.There are several displays where guests can pose with the bears. One of those bears, a polar bear, was featured in a Korean drama, “Paradise Ranch.” I especially loved the displays that feature the acronym of the place (JB) because it is my initial as well.  There is a souvenir shop which sell—you guessed it right—stuffed bears. I wanted to have one as a souvenir so I was settling for the least expensive keychain bear when I saw a much larger 8-inch plushie being sold at a discounted rate; it was only 2,000 won more expensive than the keychain so I got it instead. As with many of the Joanne bears, it an embroidery of Joanne Oh’s signature.
🧸 Bearssss
A must go place for Bear lovers? A non bear lover also love and enjoy this place too 🙈 Planned to visit teddy bear museum at Seoul; spontaneous change to Jeju teddy bear Museum~
Interesting collection of teddy bear, coffee shop and gift shop
This is a good place to spend some time. I really love the Obama bear. It looks so cute! and also the ones with Korean traditional clothes. Joanna is really obsessed wtih teddy bears!!
Teddy bear imperial
It takes entrance fee to enter the museum, but that’s okay as there are three venues in total. With lots of different appearances bears, such as dressing up like students and wedding. The most memorial teddy bear is the president Obama, it is similar to the real Obama but in bear form. The top floor of the second venue is about wedding and relationships between lovers, so it is a great place for lovers to take pictures and have memories with the teddy bear couples. Although I am not a teddy bear fan, I took lots of photos in that first two venues. And in the third venue, bears are for sell, so please remember not to photo bears in the third venue as it is subjected to copy right. Finally, my father bought me a bear which I think is the cutest as a present of graduation. It takes about 40k-80k unequally per bear, but I think it is valuable as all bears are made in Jeju.So, if you think you don’t have any way to spend your money, you can go to this teddy bear museum and buy your favorite bear as an emblem of stepping on Jeju.
It's just a outlet that sells teddy bear
This is not exactly a museum, but a shop impersonating as museum, that sells teddy bear.  Uses gimmick of hand make teddy bear that resembled Obama and some other celebrities, but really nothing interest unless one is crazy over teddy bear.
A must go for teddy bear lovers!
It's a teddy bear collector's dream to come here. Joanne Bear Museum have higher quality bears compared to the other bear museum in Jeju Island (which I forgotten the name). The beginning of the trip is a exhibition of teddy bears with theme clothing, which is very adorable! At the end of the trip, you can own one of the teddy bears there. Note that it's quite pricey, but the quality is there and it's said that it used organic material to make it.
Interesting
As far as I know there are two bear museums on Jeju Island. One is the Teddy Bear Museum while  the other is the Joanne Bear Museum.  My aunt decided to go to the Joanne Bear Museum due to her friends' recommendations. It was the best decision she has made for that Korea trip. I wasn't a fan of teddy bears but I was surprised and overwhelmed by all bears, coming in different colours and sizes. It's even more special because every bear in the Joanne Bear Museum is handmade.Furthermore, the decorations in the Joanne Bear Museum are very interesting too. I have never seen such decorations, using bears to enhance the decorations. I will definitely come back for a second trip!
