Nice beach for children
Pyoseon Beach might not be the most picturesque beach in Jeju but it’s vast and didn’t feel that crowded even in the middle of the high season.  Because of the large sand area exposed during low tides, it can be quite the hike to the water then.  But the low depth of the water and the large sand area makes it a good beach for children.  As with most other popular Jeju beaches, there is a good selection of restaurants nearby.
Coastal Road with Scenic Views
Very peaceful and quiet.  Hardly see any cars around. Very nice place to stroll and chill by the beach.  Few cafes along the beach
Pretty and private
One of the many pretty beaches around the island, this one not so crowded, so a big plus for that. Very nice.
Why was this beautiful beach deserted today Tuesday 30 May 2017?
This is a circular beach that turns into a lake on the rising tide, then dries again on the ebbing tide. m The water is not too deep (about a meter) and the half moon shaped beach is one of the largest in Jeju.  The sand is particularly delicate and soft on the feet.  The stone sculptures are worth a viewing too.  Lots of things to do nearby, Folklore Village, Namwon Keunang and Seopjikoji.  Loads of free parking close by.
Cool sculptures
Just over the road from the Jeju Folk Village, the area has some lovely sandy areas to play around; cool memorial area of the women divers of Jeju and several snack shops (a little expensive). Toilets available and some very nice views. Worth a quick visit when in the area.
Unforgettable
We come here for the lighthouse where Korean drama Iris was filmed. The view is exceptional and didn't disappointed. One unexpected experience is we got to see the women divers. They caught bunch of sea urchins and see their male partners cut it. I wish we could taste it but seeing it is good enough.
Pyoseon Haevichi
Pyoseon Beach is just the opposite of Jeju Folk Village.So after visited the Village, we came here.The beach is pretty large with wide white sands.It is the perfect place for families to spend some time relaxing, particularly at low tide with its lake-like pools.It has abundant parking space, public toilet (with shower) and cam-ground around the square.Near the beach, there is white lighthouse near the shore.This lighthouse is where the last scene in Kdrama Iris (2009) was film.
