Jeju's UNESCO Jewel!
Breathtaking!  Seongsan Ilchulbong is one of Jeju's Crown & Jewel destinations.  This beautiful natural wonder provides awesome 360 degrees views, fresh air and an escape for all the current issues impacting the World.  The hike up there is a lil' bit strenuous, but the result waiting for us at the top is pretty rewarding. If you visit Jeju this trip is a most...enjoy!
Beautiful view of the vast ocean, blue sky and green mountain
We went there directly from the airport via bus (because it was too early for us to check in at our booked hotel).  At the place, the lockers were not available, unfortunately, and we cannot leave our bags somewhere. So we had to carry our things up to see the Seongsan Ilchulbong. We did not attempt to climb up to the peak due to our heavy bags. Instead, we opted to see the observatory at the side of the mountain (it was free... the side going to the peak has an entrance fee) and has a nice view of the sea and the mountain. Can even go down to the sea shore if you like (we didn't). The view from the observatory was breathtaking vast ocean, blue sky and cool green mountain. Will definitely go back someday to see the peak! Also, we tried the Hallabong softcone (ice cream) just near the entrance road to the place, and it was so delicious!!
Just a little hike
This place is just a little hike for most. It does have about 300 steps up, but they are set up for a nice pace. Great views up and down, but not much to the crater itself. During morning this place can be very crowded. Visiting later in the day allows you to experience everything more quickly with less crowds. Lots of places to eat in the nearby area. Recommend you dedicate 40-60min for your visit.
Honest review
If you are a nature lover, you should definitely go to this place. Scenic beauty and fresh air can get. Amazing and incredible place. Worth it to visit.
Beautiful
An absolute must while in Jeju. The walk up is stimulating rather than stressful and the morning views are wonderful. 5,000 won well spent.
Good Views.
The view from the top where well worth climbing to the top but it is a lot of steps up and down and they are step.
Beauty with Nature
Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak is the most eastern part of Jeju Island and has the same terrain as Punchball. When you stand at Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak, you can see the beautiful sea and clear sky endlessly, and when you stand at Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak with a cool breeze, you feel good. Also, there are many tourist attractions nearby, so it is convenient to move around. In addition, there are many restaurants that cook braised kingtail fish and roast caught in Jeju, and there are many unique and delicious restaurants around. I recommend that you visit Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak with your family at least once.
Great place
The great place to hangout..i like the view.. have many shop,cafe to chill outAnd if you lucky you can see the women looking for a seafood , also can enjoy the fresh seafood
Would have enjoyed it better if weather was cooler.....
It was early afternoon & very sunny, & super hot during our visit. Coupled with the long walk & return climb up from the bottom, it was terrible in the heat.Perhaps if we had come in early morning or in spring climate, would probably have enjoyed it better.The Jeju Women Divers Performance was a disappointment. With due respect to this fantastic women, the show was too commercialised.Have read much about these tenacious women & was looking forward to something better than this.However, our guide arranged for us earlier to meet up with these women not far away in another area.Most are in their 70s & had been doing this job almost their whole lives. They are so fit even at this age.Certainly respect them.There are paid boat rides as well round the area & horse riding too.
Easy walk up to the peak
Best for sunrise. There are well-built boardwalks up to the peak of the extinct volcano. Overran by nature but the shape of the crater is still visible. The view of Jeju from the peak of the mountain is amazing, never fails to disappoint.
Calm and Beautiful
I visited Seongsan Illchulbong at 7:30. It was sunrise time and it was my first time to see sun rising from such a height. The effect of sun rays on the ocean made everything so beautiful. I can guarantee one thing that it is much beautiful if you see in person than seeing in pictures.
You journey in Jeju is not complete if you do not visit this beautiful Seongsan Ilchubong
It is most satisfactory to complete our climb to the top to experience the cold air, sea breeze and overlooking at the mountains and sea below you.  The feeling is so good and the view is just simply awesome!  It's a great place not to be missed!
Celebrating New Year 2020
The queue was long starting from midnight. The tag was given starting 2:30am. The limit was for 1300 first come first served. The waiting was in 2 celcius temperature. The trek up started at 5:30am in an orderly manner in a hushed procession like atmosphere. At the top of the plateau there were decks facing the direction of the sunrise. All was ready for the first sunrise of 2020. Unfortunately it did not happen. The clouds was too thick and we headed back an hour after the sunrise time. Was I disappointed? Not really. The whole experience was exhilarating, the wait, the trek, the anticipation of the sunrise. It was a memorable experience which I hope to repeat one day.
Beautiful awesome Seongsan Ilchubong
Worth the climb up to the top with awesome views and unexpected greenery environment on the former volcano.
Reachable crater on top of mountain!
It was a cold, sunny, windy day, visiting this mountain. Make sure you wear enough layers!  Admission was 2,000won if you wanted to go all the way up to the crater, or free for just the lower level.  Be prepared to climb many steps to get to the top, and see crater.  On average, take 30-40 mins return to do this.  Otherwise, the view is nice from all levels...definitely worth checking!
Nice!
I had no idea that there were going to be stiff hills/stairs to go top of the place. I was expecting kinda easy, but it was bit harder than I expected. Going to the top was a little tiring, but the view you get to see is magnificent. Make sure to have a bottle of water on the way! About 20-25 min of walking, and less than 20 to go back down. Would go again!
Awesome view of sunset
This place has a magnificient view of sunset and it is definitely an instaworthy place for those who love nature. We took our time to climb uphill, stopping at various points to snap photos. Although we didnt go up to the peak, the view where we were was astounding. I will go here again if I ever go to Jeju. Lovely!
Easy trail and walk
We need to rent a car (包車）to get there. The driver said walking up there requiring 30 min, yet is quite easy to arrive the top. After reaching the top, you could enjoy the sunset of the seongsan city which is worth it !
New Year Korean Style
Great New Year's Eve. There was a huge crowd of families there, entertainment, bonfire and a fantastic firework display. Very well organised  loved every minute.
Bit confusing of charge
We went there because closest hotel, we driving to there and saw that is not to much visitor maybe was late evening, we try to going up, however in the middle of the path have 1 counter ask us to buy a ticket, we only want to walk around so we haven't paid and plan to leave, but we saw some of people can go up on the other way, actually is the same road but one for entrance and one for exit, you can go inside in the exit way but only have limited area you can visit. if you want to go up, you must need to paid
Magnificent
It is a truly magnificent sight to see this natural phenomenon of this Unesco Heritage Site. It's a short climb up with well maintained steps and the view from the peak is superb. We didn't make it for the sunrise as we stayed in Jeju City which is 1.5 hours away by local bus. However, the sunset is stunning. I went in December so the wind can be very chilly in the evening. Definitely worth the climb!
Worth the climb
Went during the winter season (end Dec), the cold isn't unbearable but the wind is! The climb may not be the easiest but it's doable. Plus you see many tourists and elderlies climbing it together with you, so it isn't that bad of a hike up. When you're up, the view is to shout for. Awesome view!
Visit to Seongsan Illchulbong
A popular tourist stop on Jeju Island. A lot of uphill walking is required and would be a problem for elderly folks or those with bad knees. However this is a really lovely location for scenic photos. The old ladies who dive for octupus and shellfish is a must visit as well though be aware of the very steep stairs up and downwards.
Bird's eye view at the Peak
Breathtaking view of Jeju at the Peak of Seongsang iichulbong. Is cooling while walking up the Peak during winter. But no regret and is worth to go up the Peak and see the huge crater. Is not difficult to walk up, there is properly staircase and path. Young children and elderly also can walk up. There are CCTV at some of the pitstop.
A place must visit
Seongsan ilchulbong is a place must visit when travel to jeju. The scenery is superb and can enjoy the women diver show as well.
Amazing
Truly Amazing view of the sunset. The climb up is not for the unfit but once up there I betcha your first word will be WOW.
Amazing
Simply amazing. From the moment you start the climb up till you reach the submit the views wqs just out of this world. Once on top it is just wow all the way. A must do.
Beautiful view
We went on the first Monday of the month, and the mountaineering trail was closed, so do take note when planning. However, the first portion of the trail was still available for free, which was still amazing and less of an exercise. The view from all spots were breathtaking, making this spot a must-see when you’re in Jeju.Do catch the woman’s diver show at 1.30pm and 3pm, located down the trail. It was an interesting experience to see the elderly women dive down to retrieve the seafood in the ocean, and you can buy and eat some of their fresh catches at the shop nearby.Highly recommend for a magnificent sightseeing experience in Jeju!
Tiring but beautiful
To hike up about 300m altitude in 20 mins with 2 kids who are faster than you, it's an achievement. the view of beautiful!
Breathtaking views
Certainly a must-visit destination in Jeju! Soak yourself in the impressive view of this UNESCO heritage site. We came on the first Monday of the month, and unfortunately the paid trail to the peak is closed. Blessing in disguise is that portion of the trail is open free to the public though it only brings us to mid-way - perfect for those who find it too challenging to climb to the top. Don’t miss the women divers show which is on the left trail, at the foot of Seongsan Ilchulbong. Showtimes are 1.30 and 3pm. It’s complimentary. And you can choose to buy and eat fresh abalone at the little restaurant. Overall a truly relaxing and uplifting experience!
Jeju's UNESCO Jewel!
Breathtaking!  Seongsan Ilchulbong is one of Jeju's Crown & Jewel destinations.  This beautiful natural wonder provides awesome 360 degrees views, fresh air and an escape for all the current issues impacting the World.  The hike up there is a lil' bit strenuous, but the result waiting for us at the top is pretty rewarding. If you visit Jeju this trip is a most...enjoy!
Beautiful view of the vast ocean, blue sky and green mountain
We went there directly from the airport via bus (because it was too early for us to check in at our booked hotel).  At the place, the lockers were not available, unfortunately, and we cannot leave our bags somewhere. So we had to carry our things up to see the Seongsan Ilchulbong. We did not attempt to climb up to the peak due to our heavy bags. Instead, we opted to see the observatory at the side of the mountain (it was free... the side going to the peak has an entrance fee) and has a nice view of the sea and the mountain. Can even go down to the sea shore if you like (we didn't). The view from the observatory was breathtaking vast ocean, blue sky and cool green mountain. Will definitely go back someday to see the peak! Also, we tried the Hallabong softcone (ice cream) just near the entrance road to the place, and it was so delicious!!
Just a little hike
This place is just a little hike for most. It does have about 300 steps up, but they are set up for a nice pace. Great views up and down, but not much to the crater itself. During morning this place can be very crowded. Visiting later in the day allows you to experience everything more quickly with less crowds. Lots of places to eat in the nearby area. Recommend you dedicate 40-60min for your visit.
Honest review
If you are a nature lover, you should definitely go to this place. Scenic beauty and fresh air can get. Amazing and incredible place. Worth it to visit.
Beautiful
An absolute must while in Jeju. The walk up is stimulating rather than stressful and the morning views are wonderful. 5,000 won well spent.
Good Views.
The view from the top where well worth climbing to the top but it is a lot of steps up and down and they are step.
Beauty with Nature
Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak is the most eastern part of Jeju Island and has the same terrain as Punchball. When you stand at Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak, you can see the beautiful sea and clear sky endlessly, and when you stand at Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak with a cool breeze, you feel good. Also, there are many tourist attractions nearby, so it is convenient to move around. In addition, there are many restaurants that cook braised kingtail fish and roast caught in Jeju, and there are many unique and delicious restaurants around. I recommend that you visit Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak with your family at least once.
Great place
The great place to hangout..i like the view.. have many shop,cafe to chill outAnd if you lucky you can see the women looking for a seafood , also can enjoy the fresh seafood
Would have enjoyed it better if weather was cooler.....
It was early afternoon & very sunny, & super hot during our visit. Coupled with the long walk & return climb up from the bottom, it was terrible in the heat.Perhaps if we had come in early morning or in spring climate, would probably have enjoyed it better.The Jeju Women Divers Performance was a disappointment. With due respect to this fantastic women, the show was too commercialised.Have read much about these tenacious women & was looking forward to something better than this.However, our guide arranged for us earlier to meet up with these women not far away in another area.Most are in their 70s & had been doing this job almost their whole lives. They are so fit even at this age.Certainly respect them.There are paid boat rides as well round the area & horse riding too.
Easy walk up to the peak
Best for sunrise. There are well-built boardwalks up to the peak of the extinct volcano. Overran by nature but the shape of the crater is still visible. The view of Jeju from the peak of the mountain is amazing, never fails to disappoint.
Calm and Beautiful
I visited Seongsan Illchulbong at 7:30. It was sunrise time and it was my first time to see sun rising from such a height. The effect of sun rays on the ocean made everything so beautiful. I can guarantee one thing that it is much beautiful if you see in person than seeing in pictures.
You journey in Jeju is not complete if you do not visit this beautiful Seongsan Ilchubong
It is most satisfactory to complete our climb to the top to experience the cold air, sea breeze and overlooking at the mountains and sea below you.  The feeling is so good and the view is just simply awesome!  It's a great place not to be missed!
Celebrating New Year 2020
The queue was long starting from midnight. The tag was given starting 2:30am. The limit was for 1300 first come first served. The waiting was in 2 celcius temperature. The trek up started at 5:30am in an orderly manner in a hushed procession like atmosphere. At the top of the plateau there were decks facing the direction of the sunrise. All was ready for the first sunrise of 2020. Unfortunately it did not happen. The clouds was too thick and we headed back an hour after the sunrise time. Was I disappointed? Not really. The whole experience was exhilarating, the wait, the trek, the anticipation of the sunrise. It was a memorable experience which I hope to repeat one day.
Beautiful awesome Seongsan Ilchubong
Worth the climb up to the top with awesome views and unexpected greenery environment on the former volcano.
Reachable crater on top of mountain!
It was a cold, sunny, windy day, visiting this mountain. Make sure you wear enough layers!  Admission was 2,000won if you wanted to go all the way up to the crater, or free for just the lower level.  Be prepared to climb many steps to get to the top, and see crater.  On average, take 30-40 mins return to do this.  Otherwise, the view is nice from all levels...definitely worth checking!
Nice!
I had no idea that there were going to be stiff hills/stairs to go top of the place. I was expecting kinda easy, but it was bit harder than I expected. Going to the top was a little tiring, but the view you get to see is magnificent. Make sure to have a bottle of water on the way! About 20-25 min of walking, and less than 20 to go back down. Would go again!
Awesome view of sunset
This place has a magnificient view of sunset and it is definitely an instaworthy place for those who love nature. We took our time to climb uphill, stopping at various points to snap photos. Although we didnt go up to the peak, the view where we were was astounding. I will go here again if I ever go to Jeju. Lovely!
Easy trail and walk
We need to rent a car (包車）to get there. The driver said walking up there requiring 30 min, yet is quite easy to arrive the top. After reaching the top, you could enjoy the sunset of the seongsan city which is worth it !
New Year Korean Style
Great New Year's Eve. There was a huge crowd of families there, entertainment, bonfire and a fantastic firework display. Very well organised  loved every minute.
Bit confusing of charge
We went there because closest hotel, we driving to there and saw that is not to much visitor maybe was late evening, we try to going up, however in the middle of the path have 1 counter ask us to buy a ticket, we only want to walk around so we haven't paid and plan to leave, but we saw some of people can go up on the other way, actually is the same road but one for entrance and one for exit, you can go inside in the exit way but only have limited area you can visit. if you want to go up, you must need to paid
Magnificent
It is a truly magnificent sight to see this natural phenomenon of this Unesco Heritage Site. It's a short climb up with well maintained steps and the view from the peak is superb. We didn't make it for the sunrise as we stayed in Jeju City which is 1.5 hours away by local bus. However, the sunset is stunning. I went in December so the wind can be very chilly in the evening. Definitely worth the climb!
Worth the climb
Went during the winter season (end Dec), the cold isn't unbearable but the wind is! The climb may not be the easiest but it's doable. Plus you see many tourists and elderlies climbing it together with you, so it isn't that bad of a hike up. When you're up, the view is to shout for. Awesome view!
Visit to Seongsan Illchulbong
A popular tourist stop on Jeju Island. A lot of uphill walking is required and would be a problem for elderly folks or those with bad knees. However this is a really lovely location for scenic photos. The old ladies who dive for octupus and shellfish is a must visit as well though be aware of the very steep stairs up and downwards.
Bird's eye view at the Peak
Breathtaking view of Jeju at the Peak of Seongsang iichulbong. Is cooling while walking up the Peak during winter. But no regret and is worth to go up the Peak and see the huge crater. Is not difficult to walk up, there is properly staircase and path. Young children and elderly also can walk up. There are CCTV at some of the pitstop.
A place must visit
Seongsan ilchulbong is a place must visit when travel to jeju. The scenery is superb and can enjoy the women diver show as well.
Amazing
Truly Amazing view of the sunset. The climb up is not for the unfit but once up there I betcha your first word will be WOW.
Amazing
Simply amazing. From the moment you start the climb up till you reach the submit the views wqs just out of this world. Once on top it is just wow all the way. A must do.
Beautiful view
We went on the first Monday of the month, and the mountaineering trail was closed, so do take note when planning. However, the first portion of the trail was still available for free, which was still amazing and less of an exercise. The view from all spots were breathtaking, making this spot a must-see when you’re in Jeju.Do catch the woman’s diver show at 1.30pm and 3pm, located down the trail. It was an interesting experience to see the elderly women dive down to retrieve the seafood in the ocean, and you can buy and eat some of their fresh catches at the shop nearby.Highly recommend for a magnificent sightseeing experience in Jeju!
Tiring but beautiful
To hike up about 300m altitude in 20 mins with 2 kids who are faster than you, it's an achievement. the view of beautiful!
Breathtaking views
Certainly a must-visit destination in Jeju! Soak yourself in the impressive view of this UNESCO heritage site. We came on the first Monday of the month, and unfortunately the paid trail to the peak is closed. Blessing in disguise is that portion of the trail is open free to the public though it only brings us to mid-way - perfect for those who find it too challenging to climb to the top. Don’t miss the women divers show which is on the left trail, at the foot of Seongsan Ilchulbong. Showtimes are 1.30 and 3pm. It’s complimentary. And you can choose to buy and eat fresh abalone at the little restaurant. Overall a truly relaxing and uplifting experience!
Sunrise trek
Arrived at the Seongsan llchubong at about 615am, an hour before sunrise at 715am. The ticket counters were not opened (opens at 730am) but the trails were available. We hiked up the 1.5km or so trail up and it took us about 30mins with a couple of rest stops. Most of the trail were stairs, only the initial path was rocky. It’s rewarding and got to see the beautiful sunrise and Seongsan town/ port in the background.
Beautiful Scenery
We went to Seongsan IIchubong after our lunch.  We bought our admission ticket ₩5,000 per person.  When we enter the park, we saw that the climb can be quite steep and decided to take the left trail which has very nice scenery of the cliff and sea.  If you do not intend to climb up the Peak, just take the left trail which has gentle slopes and its free admission.  You can also watch the Haonyeo performances around 3 pm from the left trail.
Easy short hike
The short hike is easy with stairs. I went up for sun rise and sunset. The view is magnificent. There are convenience stores CU and GS25 nearby, but GS25 is further. The CU is not opened so early for sunrise hike and its staff is rather unfriendly though. Overall, I would hike again Seongsan ilchulbong if I visit Jeju again.
Nice view of natural beauty
This place is very popular in Jeju for climbing mountain and see natural beauty from the top. Highly recommended.
It was the Sunset Peak for us
My wife and I visited Ilchulbong at 5 pm, and unfortunately, couldn't catch the women divers in action. We made it to the top and it was quite a steep climb. We were completely winded by the time we reached the peak which has a beautiful viewing deck. The moon was up on one side while the sun was setting on the other side. It was our last day in Jeju and Korea and the beautiful sunset against the skyline of Jeju was the perfect ending we could have  asked for.
Wonderful! must visit!!
Beautiful sloppy landscape by seashore, wonderful crispy fresh air, women divers hub, worth to visit!
Easy step with nice view
Going out is fun, coming down is easy. My 5 yrs old enjoy so much. The view is impressive but the parking is limited
Sunrise at Seongsan Ilchulbong
We reached Seongsan around 5am, few peoples has started climbing. Trail quite dark all the way up. City view in the dawn during climbing is pretty. Reached to the top and sun has started to rise. Good facilities provided for the guest to view the sunrise.
Too crowded
We went at 10am and there was a huge crowd, all trying to climb up .  Took about 40 minutes climbing up, making many stops in between to enjoy the view below.   It was  too crowded at the top and there isnt really much to see, except for the view of course.   Most people climb up, take a quick photograph and quickly climb down.
Its a climb up and down.
It took us 30 mins to climb up. Was very windy at the start but the heat from the climb took over. Lol. Managed to catch the sunrise. Everyone cheered when the sun peeked out. Bring some breakfast and hot drinks in a flask to enjoy. Yes there were PRCs talking very loudly disrupting the peace. I tot they banned PRCs to Jeju? Oh wells.Climbing down was a chilly experience but u get a really nice view of jeju going down. Lots of photo ops.
Nice trip here.
Our hotel in old sity side. But from there use local bus( from bus terminal) W3000 one way,when we back was W1600..So cheep.Anyway,this place was 1hour round trip. quite steps has but some of them points has so nice views!!! 1 thing , this place is very windy spot.. When you go must check your clothing and hat or cap...
Closed first Mon of the month
Go early to enjoy the sunrise! But pls take note of the closing day because there were many tourists in the same boat as us who went on the first Mon of the month. Only a portion of the trail was open and couldnt hike to the top (free entry though). Still,nice views.
Must visit in jeju island
Very beautiful view from the top of the hill surrounding area is good for hiking a walking World heritage place can be crowded in high saison
Overrated but still good to come.
I might not have came at the right time to enjoy the view which was why I might not have enjoyed it that much? I arrived about 1 and the sun was so hot. Paid 5000 for entry ticket and climb to the TOP. The view was good but I felt not worth the sweat and effort haha. But upon making the way down, it is a must to go see the female divers who dive without any equipment to catch seafood like octopus. Their show time is at 3pm. Make sure to watch it.
Beautiful and worth going
The best time to go is early in the morning, to see the sun rise. I had gone a little after the sunrise and many people were already on their way down. The views are spectacular and the way up is very safe, and good for all ages. This was probably the most memorable part of Jeju Island.
A Must See/Do
Went as part of a day tour with Yeha Tours. This was part of their East tour. Sooo worth all the steps! About 12-20 minutes to top. I slept so well that night.
Very good place
If you want to see sunrise, please go to Seongsan Ilchulbong: It's very beautiful place. You should wake up in the early morning. It'll take 20 mins to climb in the peak. And you can experience excellent atmosphere there. You can take lots of picture because of its beauty. Good luck to you, hope you can see sunrise in the Seongsan Ilchubong
Extinct volcano
This spot is one of the UNESCO Heritage places, however to enjoy its beauty you’d need to visit it on a sunny day. Unlikely, it was raining heavily and was foggy when I was there. Despite that, I enjoyed the trip and the place itself, besides it was fo free if you walk around. (you’d only pay for the entrance if you want to go up to the extinct volcano crater). Landscape was amazing and loked kind of alien. Eventually, I found this spot beautiful in any weather conditions.
Worth the climbing
I initially wanted to climb this peak to watch the sunrise but due to the unpredictable weather on Jeju Island whilst we were there, we decided to visit when we thought the weather would be dry at least.As it is when we reached the peak it was a bit blustery and on our descent it began to rain heavily.But this place is totally worth making the effort to climb the steps to the peak. At various points when climbing up you are greeted with really cool views. Definitely worth a visit.
Great place for a 360° video
Itis well worth the hike up to see the view of the coastline and Udo Island. Close to the ferry to Udo.
should come early
best view to see sunrise but so crowed. if you want to take some photo without many pp around, you should come early then start to climb on. many nice small food talls and restaurant near by.
breathtaking view
Climb less than 30 minutes you can reach the top. Lots of stops to rest on the way up to the peak. Stop and enjoy the view on the way up.
The Sunrise peak
Amazing beach the mount and amazing women diver.Good fresh air and many kind of traditional street food
Beautiful, but crowded
Gorgeous view of the ocean and surrounds, but extremely crowded in summer. You should be moderately fit to make it up the steep stairway here. Tip: walk on along the main coastal road to the east of to get an alternative view of this World Heritage site.
Beautiful...
We visited on a sunny day, a nice change from the rain from the day before.At the entrance, you have the choice to walk around the short & free pathway by the sea or you could pay an entrance fee to hike up to the top of Seongsan for a birds eye view. We opted for the hike up.I wasn't very fit so it took me a couple of stops before I got up eventually..but the view was worth it. If you go earlier, you could catch the performance by the Haenyeo down by the shore at the bottom of Seongsan. Sadly, we did not manage to catch the performance.
Very beautiful and amazing view
When we arrived, we were welcomed by beautiful views of the meadows and fences. The view from the top is also very nice.Not recommended for parents and young children, because the trip to the peak is around 20-30 minutes depending on each person's stamina.Overall the view of the is very beautiful.There was also a female diver show catching fish without modern equipment around 11 or 12 o'clock (forget the exact time), mostly of the female divers are aged. The catch is sold quite expensive.
Nice view
Nice View and good for health,Guys try going this place and you will feel the Fresh of Air at top of mountain.
Worth the Steep Climb
To make it to the summit of Seongsan, you will need to endure the flight of steep steps uphill. Good thing is that there is quite a number of rest benches for travellers who gets tired of climbing plus a drink stall mid-mountain that sells expensive isotonic drinks! Once you are at the summit, you will be rewarded with breathtaking views of the green crater. Worth the steep climb so don't give up! Another tip is that you have to plan your climb time well. Set aside 2 hours in the mountain and be sure to come back to watch the Haenyeo grannies preformance at the foot of the mountain. The performance times are 130pm and 3pm only.
Such a beautiful peak! :)
Probably even better at sunrise, but we have been there about 11AM.Great view from the top. Center of the voulcano is nothig special at the time.Take a hat or umbrella and other protection from sun, even at not too sunny day.* Operating Hours:April-October 07:00-20:00November-March 07:30-19:00* Fees for foreigners: Adults 5,000 won / Teenagers & Children 2,500 won
Fantastic
Amazing views all the way up and at the top. If visiting in summer - better to visit in evening or early morning.  We climbed up twice - once at 5pm and then at 5.30 the next morning.  Both were excellent - with different sun position giving different light and shadows.  Both worth it.  Fee is 5000 won per person ( half price if child or youth under 24).  If you go before 7 in the morning - there is no charge.  When you come down make sure that you take the path around to the right - good views down to the small beach and also on the main peak
Beautiful Scenery, but not for the little kids in the summer
visited by family with 3 teenagers in a hot August day. It was really hot, humid day, and we climbed Seonsan Ilculdong around 3 o'clock. It is said that it took about 25 mins' walk to the top, but it was very hard to climb because of heat during hot August day. It is nice picture taking place.Do not bring little kids. It is not for the young children. I saw many children who just wear sandals climbed the all steps to the top, and they cried and were angry because of the heat and hard work. Actually, Seongsan Ilchulbong is nice picture taking place from far, but there is nothing spectacular on the top. It is better to climb Seoungsan Ilculbong in the spring or fall, not in the summer. Otherwise, it is good enough to look at it from the parking lot and take a walk around shore areas.
Wonderful scenic walk
The hike takes about 25-30 min, but it can get quite intensive especially if you are planning to do it in the heat of summer. The view however is really spectacular. Would highly recommend it.
worth it
Best place to sightseeing and the view is amazing.You will regret if coming to Jeju but not visit Seongsan Ilchubong
Beautiful scenery on the Peak
We stayed at Clouds Pool and Spa Hotel which is 1km away so we could reach there at 5am to do the climb. It is fairly an easy climb aided by a lot of stairs. We had breakfast at Paris Baguette which is opposite the mountain. They open at 5am. We had peaceful breakfast as we were the only couple there. The top of the peak offers beautiful panorama view of the green grass crater, sea view skyline and the other side is the Jeju city bird’s eye view.  Air is fresh and very windy on the peak (I thought I could fly away). There were only 3 persons on the peak when we arrived. We could stay there for about half an hour to enjoy the scenery and the peace. The female divers abalone catching activities happen at 1.30pm or 3.30pm below the mountain. It’s another steep way down from carpark infront of Seongsan Mountain. From my hotel room, I could see people walking up to the mountains all day and evening. It’s definitely a must visit when you come to Jeju!
Weather was not on our side
The hike took about 30 minutes or so. Those with mobility issue may have trouble going up. However, there is another free trail that is accessible and easy for those who can't climb up.The ticket for the hike is KRW5k each.When we reached there, the weather was misty, hence we did not see get to see the famed "Green Tea Lava Cake". In fact, we didn't get to see anything other than we have hiked up.
Great Hike To The Top With Superb Views!
This is perfect for solo and family travelers that are vacationing in Jeju. Adult admission is 5,000 KW and is well worth it. The hike takes about 30 minutes to an hour and can be  fairly steep in some areas. There are many shops, cafes, and restaurants around the area once you are done with the hike to the top. If you time it right, you will be able to see the famous Women Divers of JeJu who perform at 1:30 PM. The heritage behind it is very unique since it has been carried one for generations.
The view is priceless
It absolutely great experience! The view is absolutely beautiful from the top. You have to experience it yourself. Keep your stamina full charge because you have hike to the top. The ticket is 2,000 won.
Second time visit
Admission fee for adult is 2000won. You will be able to enjoy walking up to the peak and see the entire sea/ Mountain View. It will be good to wear covered shoes or sport shoes so it’s easier to go up the steps. Not only that, there’s a 해녀 performance available but I missed the timing. But the 해녀 will be at their store selling fresh seafood. It’s a good place for solo travellers :)After exploring ilchulbong, head over to 오조해녀의집 for some abalone porridge :D
Scenic Views
Must visit this place if you are in Jeju.  This is the place where you can also watch women divers performance and taking the horse ride too. If you want to catch the Sunrise at the peak, start to climb at least 30 mins before the sunrise. Please check the weather first. If you are not that fit, start to climb 1 hour before the sunrise. Take note: Stairs all the way from the bottom to the top. A lot of resting area along the way.  Alternatively, from the entrance, walk towards the ocean on the left.  You can catch the sunrise from there too if you are too lazy to climb.  The view around the mountain is fantastic.  Many eateries, shops nearby.  It will be very crowded from 9am onwards with many tour buses.  Many parking lots nearby if you are unable to get any parking at the mountain carpark.
Famous Sunrise Peak
A must-see but be prepared for a tough climb to the top. View is fantastic! Go early if you are driving to get a parking lot (free). Beautiful flowers.
Great view
It Looks very high but it’s not as bad as it looks.  The path is excellent and has mostly stairs. And the view is really worth it
Good stretch
It was a great walk with well-managed path/trail/stairs!View along the was up and down was also great!You’ll not be alone as many people keep you company.I enjoyed stretching my legs in this visit!
Nice scenic view
A great scenic trekking suitable for most. Best to view for sunrise and sunset. The trail takes 45mins for a slow leisure climb to the peak.
Sunrise at 520am
We hiked up to the peak for Sunrise with our boys age 6&8. We started at the bottom around 4.45am. There were many people along the trail and everyone walk in the dark. Surprisingly, torchlight or headlamps are not required. With some rest on the benches along the way, we reached at 515am. The sun started to rise around 5.30am. It was truly beautifully.
Gotta go all the way up to enjoy the view.
The hike up the hill was made easy with steps. But it can be tiring for elderly people. Nevertheless, one would need to take it slow and easy, don’t rush to get up there. Once you hit the peak, you will enjoy the scenic view of the crater. The cool breeze at the peak makes it even more worthy.
Beautiful
Best to arrive early to avoid the hordes of tourists. Wear comfy shoes because it is asteep climb up steps. Don’t bring your strollers. May not be a place to bring the older folk who might have trouble walking.
Worth the climb
Climbed it on a windy afternoon. Will take you around 20-30mins if you are reasonably fit. Spectacular views all around even before you reach the peak. Very worth the exercise. Its a 200m climb and steep at some sections. Wear comfortable shoes and clothing. Will recommend climbing early to catch the sunrise at the summit.
Do the Sunrise !
I thought we were the minority few that would brace the darkness and hike up. Boy, I was wrong. When we reached the Sunrise Platform, some 100-200 people were there with us.And when the golden egg yolk broke the horizon, there was a chorus of 'ooooooh' as people gasped in awesome wonder. It only took 2 minutes or so for the sun to fully risen from the horizon.If the ticket counter is not open for sunrise hikers, please do not wait. Get in and begin the hike. Bring a flask of hot coffee and enjoy. Sorry, no food allowed in the park.
fantastic place
This is a fantastic place to see the awesome landscape of jeju. There is quite a bit of walking so wear comfortable shoes. It will also be rather hot in the summer as well.
Hiking for Sunrise
Came early at 5.15 am. Reached the peak at about 5.35 am but there was no sunrise. Maybe because it was a bit cloudy due to the rain? The view however was still spectacular. I am a solo traveller and was worried about being the only person there early in the morning but nope, a lot of people including locals were there. The path was not too dark and it was a fair hike up. A few areas to stop by if you ever needed some rest. If you come in the morning for the hike, you do not have to pay any entrance fees which is actually necessary during the day (2000W).Oh the woman divers show. It was really a ‘show’ and then, they were off to the sea. I didn’t wait until they were back though. You need to pay the general entrance fee to Seongsan Ilchulbong of 2000W to gain access to the area of the woman diver.So basically I came here twice - once for the morning hike and the other one for the woman’s diver show.
No sunrise but still spectacular
Sunrise peak in English, this volcanic cone is 182 metres high. That works out to about 25 stories which is roughly how high you have to climb to get there.And to get there early enough to get a good position, you need to get up pretty early. We woke at 4am for a 4.30 start (this after a 60km bike ride the day before and another 60 to come on the day. We went up rather more briskly than we had planned (exuberance?) and were one of the first to arrive.First, let me acknowledge the impressive steps, in stone and wood, that have been built to help people get to the top (and the separate staircase that leads you down). Kudos to the engineers and builders. They even thought of rest stops which also work well as photo opportunity spots.The amphitheater-style seats at the top are well-thought out too and provide a good view.Sunrise was scheduled for about 5.30 and a fair crowd had gathered by then.Unfortunately, the sky was overcast and we could only glimpse the sun as it occasionally peeped through the clouds. But it was spectacular nonetheless.There was no admission charge as we were up and down before the ticket booth opened at 7am.It is still worthwhile visiting even if you don't want to watch the sunrise.
Beautiful scenery
Superb scenery especially on the way up the peak.Great place to take photos of the island.The climb up is no kidding for older people as steps are very narrow and steep. Luckily there are places for you to rest along the way up.
Sunshine Peak
A nice little hike up to the top. Not very long, Maybe 20 minutes but ALOT of stairs. Your legs will be feeling it. Good View at the top and its nice to see all the people taking 1 million selfies of themselves while at the top.
Heavy rain during visit
The first 3 days were full of heavy rain and drizzles. Went here on the 3rd day, it took us more than an hour on the bus to get there. And it still rained. The hill is gorgeous but all I can say is try to pick a day without rain because it was quite slippery (figures since we wore flip flops to avoid our sneakers from getting wet). From here we went to Pyoseon Folk Village which took another hour. So from Seongsan Ilchulbong we took bus no. 295 to Pyoseon Community Centre then changed to bus no. 212 to Pyoseon Folk Village.
Perfect sunrise view
We drove from seogwipo which took around 1H drive from 4am because the sunrise at 5.40am. It took us roughly 20-30mins uphill trail to reach the peak (sunrise view point). Worth spending a morning for this beautiful sunrise view.
A gentle walk on a bunch of stairs for an amazing scenary
Seongsan Ilchulbong is a tuff cone that has been formed from not so old (5000 years old) volcanic eruptions. It is 180-meter-high and one can walk to the top. Note that it has been well accommodated: there are stairs starting from the bottom to the top so that the walk is fairly easy. It takes about an hour for going to the top and come back, depending of course on how long one stays up-hill to enjoy the view. The view is the main thing here. It is just amazingly beautiful!First of all, one should pay attention to the different rock formations, some of them, featuring interesting shapes (see one of the two pictures I shared). Second, it is really great to stop all along the way up to enjoy the view from Jeju (see the second of the pictures I shared). On the top, one gets an amazing view on the other side (i.e. the sea). I was there in the middle of the day (there was no other way out in my case), but I can fairly well imagine the extra in being there at sunrise or sunset.Finally, note that there is an entrance fee, but it is very reasonable (about 2 USD).Overall, I strongly recommend this place and the walk. One moreover should definitely try to be there at sunrise/sunset. Please make sure to have enough water (it was really hot on the day I walked there) and be prepared: it could be crowded. The place is quite popular. There is a good reason for Seongsan Ilchulbong to be one of the top attractions of Jeju Island.
Natural beauty
Great hike up the peak, totally worth it on a clear day. Views around very beautiful. The women diver show visible from the top when you come down. Takes about an hour to go up and back down . The view especially on the other side is the surprise when you get to the top. Even the udo island is visible from a distance . Make the effort and be rewarded.
Nice views!
It's a lot of stairs and little walking to get to the top, but it's worth it with great views and a wonderful sea breeze. On one side you have views of the crater, on the other of Jeju island. There are lots of other tourists (mostly local) going up and down so be prepared for some level of crowds. There was abundant parking when we visited. There are also plenty of food stalls at the bottom along with bathrooms. On the way up, there are lots of benches, rest areas, and viewing platforms. We saw people of all ages - really old to really young doing the climb. If you're in town and you have a couple hours to spare, we'd recommend it!
Beauti
Interesting background as to how the peak was formed. The hike to the top gives a gorgeous view of Jeju Island, and if lucky the peak of Hallasan. Lots of visitors but the place is quite big enough not to make it crowded.
One of the must dos for Jeju apart from Hallasan
Made it a point to see the performance by the elderly female divers but was a little disappointed. Worth a watch if you can make it. One motto that we came up with was, "If you can climb Hallasan, you can do anything."Surely enough, climbing llchulbong wasn't too difficult maybe 20-30 minutes climb?
Scenery is Breathtaking!
I could just sit here for a couple of hours enjoying the scenery and it's beauty. It was windy in October but very calming and relaxing. A good place to "re-charge" and be away from the city life.
Need stong legs
Not for people that do not exercise.We went there is rain and fog, cannot see most of the features but it is another kind of experience.  Some strange rock formations.
Nice one hour hike
The hike was an easy one with stairs. Less than one hour slow pace hiking up. My brother brought his baby as well in baby carrier. There are a lot of souvenir shops nearby. In my experience, the souvenir sold there is much cheaper than the one in Jeju City.
I hope this place continues to keep its charm
Beautiful but packed with tourists. Lots of walking but definitely worth it. Probably the most crowded place in Jeju but you won’t feel claustrophobic here.
Gorgeous mountain !
From Seogwipo , we took bus 201 and it dropped us off at the entrance. The mountain is just so beautiful to look at. It’s a very easy hike, just 25 minutes to the peak. Bring some water . Drones are not allowed.
Hiking up to the peak 🥾⛰
Seongsan Ilchulbing / Sunrise Peak 日出峰 , is a wonderful place for sunrise & sunset !? Yes it is. But I came here during 3pm ~ manage to walk up to the peak within 40mins ~ Although I do not have time to stay until sunset but I feel satisfy with the view of Jeju ; cooling weather and beauty of Spring.
Easy hike
Good easy hike and once you reach the top you get to see more of Jeju. April is a good month to visit as there are less tourists and perfect weather
Sunrise Peak
We did this on a private basis - taking the Global Taxi - English.  Found this concept very interesting.  These are retired government personnels.  They become taxi drivers cum guide and is divided into 3 languages - English, Japanese and Mandarin.  You can also opt for jumbo taxis if you have a bigger group of 5 to 7 persons.  Its more personal and driver is willing to go off the usual selected route so you are able to see much more than the standard tour.
Magnificent Sunrise
To see the sunrise, one has to wake up early and hike along the stairs and some stone steps and must remember to bring along a torchlight or use our smartphone's torchlight as it can be still very dark during the hike. My husband & I took 30 min to reach the peak, while waiting for the sun to rise there were many people waiting and getting ready their cameras. At the crack of dawn, one will see the sun starts to peak out and see the first rays of the sun grace the Earth. During that moment, everyone started exclaiming with delight as I believe it is not easy for some of us who do not have strong stamina when comes to hiking but it was worth seeing such glorious sight. If I have the chance to visit Jeju, I would want to visit this place again.
Heritage site
Seongsan Ilchulbong Sunrise Peak  is a UNESCO World Natural Heritage formed 100,000 years ago by an under water eruption.it has the best view of sunrise.The peak is about 600 ft above sea level and takes an hour to reach the top. It has a beautiful view .
Beautiful scenery
The scenery at this seongsan sunrise peak is magnificent. You will be able to view both land and water at the same time. There is also a mountain peak which u can climb to the top
Must go
I really loved this place. The view before climbing and the view from up is just great!If you want to go for a short hike this is the place for you! The walk up is about 15 -30 minutes, if I remember well. But it is worth the walk up!
Must go. Wonderful view
Really worth it. Only one way up and one way down, no u-turn. It's pretty steep Nd take energy to climb. Amazing view.
Must visit attraction in Jeju
We went near to sunset and all photos taken were nice with soft orangy hue on our face. :) It was easy climb steps to the peak and the scenery is beautiful!
Amazing view and best new experience.
The steps are challenging but safe. The wind, though, quite strong and full speed, but the view from the top was amazing, we stayed and watched sunset.
Beautiful, Especially during Sunrise
This was one of my favorite parts of Jeju. We went during the sunrise which reading everywhere said was most ideal, and it was gorgeous. It’s a lot of steps to get to the top. I would suggest bringing a bottle of water.
Beautiful Sunrise
Seongsan Ilchulbong, also known as ‘Sunrise Peak’, is a UNESCO World Heritage site. The peak is 182 metres (600 ft) above sea level. It is around 30 - 40 minutes walk/hike to reach the top. Make sure you are fit enough because the weather is cold and windy in the morning. I've been there in early March recently and it was 4°c. To reach this place, you may drive by rent a car or take a bus from Seogwipo or Jeju City. The journey takes approximately an hour and half. Starbucks is just nearby the carpark to enjoy a cup of coffee.
Easy access by bus
You can go to here by public bus from jeju intercity terminal, can take around 1 hour 30 minutes. The scenery is nice and great.
A must visit UNESCO place in Jeju
As I can clearly assure that you wont be regret if you visit this place. This is my second visit to Seongsan Ilchulbong. We went there to catch a majestic sunset.  We reached the parking area around 5 o'clock in the morning then we straight away climbed to the highest peak. For us, it took roughly 30-40 minutes to reached the top of the observatory area. It is indeed quite challenging but its worth it. Just bare in mind to wear the most comfortable shoes and jacket, plus dont forget to bring a mineral water.
Slow & Steady. We Made It!
We started at 9am before the busloads Of tourist started arriving. It was a tough hike because the flights of stairs were literally endless. There were many resting areas along the way and I was not shy about just sitting on the stone benches to catch my breathe. Many reviewers shared that they took between 20 to 40 mins to reach the summit. I took 1 full hour. The stairs and tracks were well maintained and most stretches had handrails. The views at mid point and the summit were superb and makes this hike so rewarding! Don’t miss visiting this UNESCO world heritage site!
I thought I am old enough to hike
You will scream in joy once you reached the peak after the short breath hiking.Many people hike the peak including senior citizens of Korea.
Enjoy holidays
Last Sunday i stay in the best jeju seongsan hotel in front of ilchulbong .Early in the morning we go to ilchulbong. It's a very attractive place in front of sea. I like it very much 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗
Nature’s delight
Am a nature buff and this one is just Love❤️ A good few minutes hike and a foxy view atop awaits you.One must not miss this when in Jeju.
Super Tiring but Fulfilling Visit
The taxi driver was really kind to walk with us, but he didn't "warn" us of the difficulty level and duration of the climb! :) We had lots of beautiful photos taken, in between the rest stops, and finally reached the peak with real sense of accomplishment!
A must-see
Also known as Sunrise Peak, this crater formation can be ascended and descended in about 50 minutes total. Path is uneven and includes lots of stairs, some steep. The viewing platform up top is all stairs, but many places to rest. Very windy. Accessible by bus 201 from the downtown Jeju/Jeju-si bus terminal.
Women Diver Show & Seongsan Ilchulbong
We did this as part of the Yeha Bus Tour East Course tour and they had it timed perfectly for us to arrive and see the Women Diver Show and then after we had enough time to make the beautiful climb up Seongsan Ilchulbong.  We had beautiful weather in October - it was absolutely perfect!  I would definitely recommend tennis shoes and even if the weather seems chilly when you start out - wear a jacket that you can remove.  Lots of beautiful photo opportunities here!
Awesome view
It’s a must hiking course in Jeju. You’ll be leading to the top by hundreds of well made stairs. All can be seen on the top. The place is very windy but it’ll dry your sweat and the great top view will make you take lots of pictures. Enjoy the view!
Sweat a Little bit to enjoy the visit every bit
One of the most visited Tourist attraction in Jeju, the Seongsan IIchulbong peak or the Sun rise peak was formed due to Volcanic eruption thousands of years ago. This peak has a huge cater in the middle surrounded by huge rocks making it look like a gigantic crown. In addition to this the other most sought-after attraction here is the old ladies diving deep into the water without oxygen masks to collect sea food. Twice a day a special show is conducted for the visitors.Though it was quite windy and cold when we visited, we were sweating a lot once on the top as we have to climb a lot of steps.Once on the top we were surrounded by the moving clouds, the experience which made us forget all the fatigue.We could not see the sunrise as it was quite cloudy when we visited, but as our guide informed, one can have a good view of the one during summer.At the base there are lot of eating joints which ensures everyone gets refreshed after a long trek.We thank our Jumbo taxi driver who shared the spare waterproof jerkins he had with him to wear when it started drizzling (Kin nam joon / +821046166650 / kimnj0424@naver.com)
Worth the long climb up
Went there a few days after Xmas and the weather was cold and hence made the climb easier. If we had came during summer I would never have wanted to make the climb. As it is with the cold weather and strong winds we made the climb with 2 or 3 stops in between to catch breath and take photos of the magnificent views. If you have kids or old folks to take care I wouldn't recommend the climb.
Must track up to enjoy the view
Although this mountain is nice from afar, I will still recommend to take the ~ 30-40 mins hike up. It’s a bit tiring but they have many rest stops if needed. Fantastic views from the top to make the trekking worthwhile.
Short hike up to the peak
The hike up takes about 30 mins depending on your fitness level and speed. It is pretty easy climb up the steps and boardwalk. It was drizzling when we were there. Nevertheless, the surrounding view on top was nice. At eye level, the crater wasn't obvious as it looked more like a downhill slope. It would be great if a an observation tower is built to have an aerial view of the crater.Entrance ticket 2000 won. Suggest you relief yourself just before the entrance as there isn't any toilet facilities at the peak.
Short 40 mins hike up and down for good panaromic view
For those who are not really into long hikes and yet still want a good panaromic view of Jeju’s surroundings, this is the place. There are also live performances apparently involving the female divers but we missed the timing.
Simple hike up and down before udo island
I think that it's not as grand, but the stairs are well kept and in good shape. There's a lot of people and a lot of food too. Parking wasn't an issue for us.I've been twice, and maybe it wasn't anything special to me as I didn't get to go in the morning to watch the sunrise. But be prepared to walk up with a lot of people
A short intense climb for magnificent views
There were many scenic views at this attraction. I enjoyed both the ascent and descent. Even with the chilly breeze, one is sure to perspire upon arrival at the peak. The view into the crater at the peak was another awesome feast for the eyes. The sea as the backdrop served as a picturesque addition to the already scenic composition. After the descent, there were opportunities to witness the infamous women free divers of Jeju. These minimalist free divers were equipped with their orange flotation devices, masks and dry suits, sustained their tradition daily in the frigid waters to harvest seafood from the shallow depths. Why pass on this opportunity?
Awesome views, easy walk
A great place to visit for fantastic coastal views of Jeju. The boardwalk was well constructed and easy for most people to walk. The women divers’ shows are scheduled at 1.30 and 3 pm.
Nice walk
We did the sunrise peak climb as part of our tour of Jeju with Yeha bus tours - it wasnt at sunrise, but it was pretty pleasant nevertheless.We started off by watching the women divers at the bottom of the cliff. After this, it is an easy 20 - 25 minute climb up - with gorgeous views over the sea and island. Unfortunately, part of the peak was fenced off because of some maintenance work . We had a nice  walk down, enjoying the views .Tips:There are clean restrooms midway down.Try the peanut and orange ice cream at the base of the cliff - oth are yummy.
Great views!
The effort to go to the top was totally woth it :) I really hope to go back very soon <3 Amazing landscape!
Nice sunrise views on clear day
The walk up the stairs is hard on knees but not specially challenging and can be done in 15-20mins. Make sure to be on top a bit before sunrise or otherwise gets quite packed with people and is hard to find a good spot to seat and see the sunrise. We got a somewhat cloudy morning so sunrise views were quite disappointing.
Really beautiful landscape
We arrived just prior to sunset and it was very beautiful to watch the sun go down on the opposite end of the island, would definitely recommend it. The hill itself is really pretty and a great place to get some photos.
Attracted By History Of Women Divers
A great place to start off is the Women Divers exhibition center to see the old photos and explanation from the staff on the history of Women Divers. Than a slow walk up the peak for a great view ....  the wind was hallowing when we climb up and the local told us its a normal day ...   plenty of great eateries just a short walk from the entrance after the climb . A MUST visit .
Worth to climb
20min climb up to peak, short time but take some energy to climb up, come down is easy. So get ready to take off your jacket even is cold day. But worthy, nice view. And can see haenyeo performance as well, but must check the time. One day 2 slot, afternoon is 3pm.
Great view
Be prepared to climb flights of stairs to get to the top to enjoy the great view. Good pair of shoes would be helpful.
Must visit!
Great place! A must visit if you’re in Jeju. Do give it a climb if you have the endurance. Awesome view and lots of picturesque scenery. If you are in luck, may even catch the sea ladies diving.
Another climb in Jeju
Always a joyful climb up the steps to the top and capture a view of the ocean. Awesome view, great exercise! Must do in Jeju
Must visit!
This sight is at the extreme south east of Jeju. There are many great views and cafes within this area. This is a short hike up a beautiful hill and after the hike there is a haenyo performance where old ladies dive without oxygen tanks to collect abalones. I regretted not spending a full day in this area to chill.
Beautiful view from the top
The hike up will take around 20-30 mins depending on your speed. It's pretty steep stairs going up but you can take your own sweet time to enjoy the breathtaking view while hiking.
Not to be missed
Imposing scenery! So many photo opportunities on this beautiful landscapeWent back twice cos I didn't realise the hanyeo diver women show is there..was searching around somewhere else.  Time your visit to see these amazing old ladies diving at 3pm.
Should be on the TO DO List in Jeju
One for the books.The climb is worthit though we weren't able to watch the sunrise due to the gloomy weather. The view is relaxing - makes you think of living on this laid back place in Jeju..
Nice hike up Iichulbong
went there after breakfast and was a good time to start if you didn't care too much of sunrise view. Even though it was windy and chilly, got up to the top sweaty and hot. you see see pretty ckear view from the top; Udo island, the wind turbines in the east, Seopjikoji in the south.
Few Tips...
Well worth the hike even on a cloudy day. If you go to see the sunrise like we did and it's dark don't forget to read the signs! We totally missed the sign that said no eating at the top...Oops! We were going full speed on the way up to make sure we did not miss the view. Be advised....trail up and down is not the same. If you want to enjoy both make sure you give yourself enough time. Both trails are beautiful and I wish we had enjoyed the trail going up a little slower. If you are active this should be easy although expect stairs as with any Korean hike! Plenty of parking and bathrooms at the bottom.
Don't miss the women divers
Walk to the top is quite easy with good views.Don't miss the signpost to the women divers near the bottom on the way down.  They do a few shows a day and you don't have to pay extra to see it.Lot's of parking and eateries in the area
Amazing View from above
Knowns also as Sunrise Peak. We went there on afternoon as we did not know this place  can see beautiful sunrise. Must visit place when you in Jeju Island. Worthwhile hiking by stairs about 45 minutes. This wonderful craters formed from volcanic eruption l00,000 years ago. Entrance Ticket KRW2000. Twice a day can see women divers go to the sea and singing before catch their seafood such as abalone, sea urchin, etc. Overthere you can ride pony horses
The place was worth the hike!
It was tiring but the view was worth it! Please bring a bottle of water on your way up. Take photos of the sceneries  going up and down,they were beautiful!
Impressive scenery !
Unfortunately there was so much wind and rain during our stay on Jeju Island, based in Seogwipo. That day, we braved the elements and took the bus to visit the beautiful site of the volcano Seongsan-ri.The visit was worth the climb.
Worth the visit!
Came at autumn,  the weather was 18degrees but once you start climbing,  be ready to take off your jacket. A total of 50min hike with magnificent view is totally worth it. Love the crater and all round view at the peak.
Beautiful first stop on Jeju
Once my family landed at the airport, we rented a car and drove! This was a great option to Hallasan for family members that could not hike the summit as the trails are very nice, and the views are achieved after only a moderate walk and stair climb.
Option to Hallasan hike
If you have a tight schedule and cannot afford a whole day climbing the Hallasan Mountain, or some of your group physically can't do Hallanshan, this is a good option, because it is closer to other sight seeing places so you don't need a whole day, also because it is a much easier climb compared to Hallasan.The day we visited this was not crowded at all because everybody went to Udo Island on the opposite, after a two day close of the ferry service due to weather. If there was a helicopter service i(not sure), it must be very spectacular from an aerial view.  From the ground level,  if you didn't see the photo from the Internet, nor post cards, you probably don't realize it is a flat volcanic crater.Anyway, it would be quite a nice walk close by other sightseeing places, but might look more impressive from opposite Udo, or from a plane or helicopter
Beautiful, even if only viewed from a distance
I didn't know I was looking at this famous peak when we approached in a taxi (looking for a lunch spot that our kids would approve of). I was saying "Wow, look at that" as we drove towards it. Then our driver explained it was the famous peak. I can see why, even on a cloudy rainy day it was such a beautiful scene. We couldn't climb to the peak because it was closed to the public due to an impending typhoon. I was disappointed we couldnt climb but so glad that we got to see it, even from the base. Absolutely beautiful area. I want to come back to Jeju just to climb that peak and see the beauty from above.Incidentally there were plenty of restaurants and cafes and shops in the small town at the base. Even an American Embassy (i.e. Mcdonalds)
Beautiful View
Ample parking lotVery scenic mountain viewThe breeze were very strongNeed to purchase a ticket to enter
Amazing view at sunrise or set
Reminder: do check this place out , esp during sunning days. We got the chance to walk through the hiking track around it at 5PM and its just breath taking, later we found out it's the no.1 to do on jeju!You get a million dollar view of the ocean and the mountain and you probably have seen something like this in New Zealand or South africa but not in Asia. Very stunning !
Nice view
Seongsan ilchubong has a very nice view on top of the mountain or even before u climb. Everywhere is so beautiful. Entrance ticket is 2000 won per person. Ilchubong means sunrise mountain. Normally people are there to watch sunrise. But we were there in the evening about 4pm. The view is nice too. There are performance of haenyeo (dive women) at beach near the mountain everyday at 1:30pm and 3pm. We missed the time. I was so regretted. The parking area is spacious. We had our dinner at a seafood restaurant near the mountain. Reasonable price with superb ingredients. Crabs, prawns, squids and 5 live abalone and other seafoods with only 100,000 won for 4 persons, we eat till very very full and satisfied (100,000 won is 3 persons portion). The boss of the restaurant is also very friendly.
Wonderful views and climb to the top
We walked up to the top to enjoy the breathtaking views. I felt that this was a mountain instead of a hill. It was really worth the trip to the top. The history of the area too makes visiting the area worthwhile, so many great views from both high up and down at ground level.
Magnificent!!!
We took out 10 and 7 year old up here. Granted, they are quite active. Still managed the climb up to the top within 20 mins. The view is spectacular, hardly can believe its real. Well worth the effort.
Nice breeze and view
We did not climb to the top. But the plateau is already spectacular enough with many photo spots around. There is women diver demonstration but it takes place at fixed intervals and we missed the last one at 500pm.There is also a horse riding demonstration at fixed interval with the last one at 330pm.
A pleasant hike to prepare for Hallasan
This is an easy hike, all stairs. Maybe not suitable for those who are not fit/those who cannot handle stairs. Kids can do this though. The summit wasn't spectacular -- it was more of enjoying the ascent.
Didnt see anything due to heavy fog
It was heavily foggy with strong wind when I went there. It rained too. We bought a raincoat for krw 2000. Entrance fee about krw 2000 as well. A lot of fog we could not see the caldera but we hiked all the way
Most beautiful sunrise seen
Sunrise is at 615 am . The entrance fee is free if you arrive before 7 am . Free Car park to the viewing points a short  8-10 minutes walk away , very doable and you get one of the most memorable sunrise sights . A most do except the getting there so early in the morning is hard .
Worthwhile Visit
Get your legs ready for lots of stairs! The hike was definitely worth it though, great views from the peak!
One of highlight of Jeju
Very nice view - natural setting is also very beautiful and its not very difficult to climb up to the top. We travel by bus to the place but its quite time consuming and tired compared with own driving
Moderately intense hike due to heat
My mum who's 69 hiked up with difficulty, not because of the height, but more of the heat. Don't recommend hiking up during summer, the sun hits direct to you as you hike and dismount. But despite this, the view was amazing.
Superb views
Love this place. The hike up is not difficult. There is a proper trail and stairs. You get magnificent views on the way up and down. Also, you can go all the way down to the ocean for great views as well.
Beautiful view
The walk up sunrise mountain was  windy and relatively easy. Steps all the way up with many spots for you to rest and take in the beautiful view. Don't miss out on this mountain if you are going to Jeju. Entrance fee is 2000W. They charge for everything here, waterfalls and parks all have an entrance fee.
Popular and ok
Ok. It is crowded, but also well organized. Steep oh yes, but not much of a climb. So most everyone can do it - we didn’t go with the sunrise crowds - and it is a nice excursion. But to really get something out of it do read up on some geology - after all Jeju is all volcanic
Mesmerising view
We went 5am morning hike to catch the sunrise, however due to the foggy weather, the sun was quite shy. Nonetheless we still enjoyed the view when we hiked down.
Cool Place
Must go place in Jeju. Great view from up of the top of the hill. 30 minutes approximately to go up the hill. Lovely view.
Beautiful coastal area
The rock formations near the water are absolutely remarkable. I recommend taking the time to visit if you are on Jeju Island.
A lot of stairs!
Amazing place to visit, with an incredible view, but to arrive there you have approximately 250mt of stairs! Don't forget to take some water and a hat!
very nice place
非常棒的地方, 美麗的風景.  從入口處登頂, 慢慢走, 邊拍照, 用不到 25 分鐘 (以一個上了年紀走路緩慢的長者而言), 大多數是階梯.Very nice place.  Beautiful landscape.  Short & easy hiking to mountain peak from entrance (mostly stairways, less than 25 minutes by a slow aged tourist)
My Mini Family Winter December 2012
I know it was way too late but i just wanna review it.We went there when our girl was 1 year old and winter was too cold for her especially doing outdoor activity.The peak was so beautiful and calming.From the cliff can saw woman scuba divers😊
nice view
climb to the peak is tiring as mostly incline steps.. everyone was panting lol. the shorter and easier route would be via the return track.. view is quite nice out into the sea..
You must see this if you're in Jeju
The one place you have to see if you're in Jeju. No regrets going up in the midst of heavy rain. The caldera was still impressive. And the view from the top over the town is nice.
Great Hike with 4 years old
The scenery is absolutely stunning at the top. We brought our 4-years old kid along and we were initially worried if the hike is too tiring for him. We were so wrong! He loves the hike and has lots of fun along the way. Just make sure that you have sufficient time to finish the hike before it closes. Would strongly recommend this place for families even with young children!
Great Early Morning Walk
We took a walk up seongsan ilchulbong, to get a glimpse of the early morning sunrise.It didn’t disappoint.The walk was very easy to complete (we had a 7 & 4 year old with us).And not to be a cheapskate, but it’s totally free if you start your climb before 7am......after that time you have to purchase tickets.
This place has an amazing view.
One of the best views on Jeju island. The climb is not that hard, my 7 year old daughter and 65 year old mom managed to do it in 25 minutes. 15 minutes to go down. Its all stairs, plenty of places to rest. There is a small shop with regular prices (yes they could have charged 5 times for a bottle of water but they do not do that so hurray for the owner) half the way. There is no shade at the top but the view is really, really great.
Go early
Should go early as you will need a lot of energy to climb up.  Bring all the sun protection with you as there isn't much shades.
Stunning Views
There was no sun in a June afternoon, the temperature was pleasant and the air was clear. I climbed up to the top to view the crater which is covered by lush green.  The climb was pleasant along with the gorgeous views.  The views on the way up were lovely, there were many places for great photo op. I appreciated the views from the top, views to the city and views to the sea without interruptions. It was one of the most memorable experiences I recorded in Jeju.
Too hot for me to climb but still incredible views
It was a very hot day yesterday, July 31st 2018, and I got sunburn the day before so in 33 degree heat and me didn't match. I didn't go up to the top but I did go up to the first viewing platform, which i think most people would be able to manage slowly, not matter your age. It is well paved, and the views are incredible. It was a very windy day too, so there was no show by the women divers, Haenyo, but you could see where they went out and to be honest the roughness of the seas showed how tough the women must have always been. There are a few shops near the bottom and one part way up, so you can purchase drinks and trinkets if you wish. There is a Starbucks and a Dunkin' Donuts and i think a McDonald's near the car park, as well as multiple Korean restaurants. Well worth a visit, even if you can't ascend to the peak.
Tough, but rewarding climb to the top
Instead of getting up at 4 am to hurry and climb the mountain in the dark before the sun rises, we made the climb in the evening in time to see one of the best sunsets and overall views ever.  There are three trails going to the top.  Be sure to take a different trail each way because the views are much different.
Enjoyable
It was very windy and the place was stunning, you might want to stay nearby to wake up and see the sunrise, the place is to see sunrise.
Good Place
It only takes 45 minutes to hike even with the normal speed. The top view is also amazing, The best time to come here is in the sunset time. This place is worthy even though a little far from Jeju City
Amazing climb and views
This is worth a trip to Jeju all by itself!  Going up to the peak looks intimidating, but it was pretty easy and we saw a woman in her 70s at the top.  It's hundreds of stairs and took about 35 minutes, but they have benches and a lot of shade on the way up.  There's a path designated for ascending and another for descending, and I recommend following them as intended.  We saw some people trying to beat the crowd by going up the 'down' path, but there aren't benches to rest on and not much shade on that path; also, the ascending path is a LOT steeper and the stairs are kind of narrow (like a typical home staircase), so if you go down the 'up' path, you'll be going down very steep stairs and shuffling around people, while the designated 'descending' path is a very gradual slope and much wider.  We went on a hot & humid day, but I unquestionably would do it again.
Physical but worthwhile
The trail leading to the top is likely hard on anyone, but the view from its top is really amazing. Worths a visit.
Its alright
We arrived at around 5pm. The hike wasn't sure too bad (took us about 20-25 mins to reach the top) but it was a very hot and hazy day. I am sure the view is a lot better during sun rise.
Very scenic
One of the top 3 things to do if u come to Jeju. Very scenic, unfortunately the weather is too hot for us and with a Ren year old in toll, it’s too difficult to hike to the top. But I’m quite sure I’ll be back to hike to the top during the cooler season. We were lucky to be able to catch the female divers and also watch them perform a song before they start diving. You can buy their fresh / live catch and eat on the spot.
Wonderfull view
I go there when winter season.. the wind is really strong.. dont forget to bring your winter coat and your gloves when visit there.. the view is really wonderfull.. must visit when visit Jeju
Beautiful and worth the climb
Beautiful and breathtaking view! weather in July was windy and cool. Not so hot. Even my 5 year old enjoyed the climb all the way up :)
Worth the walk in the area even if you don't hike up
If you've read my post about my 14 hours hike, you'd understand why I didn't go up this peak lol. Anyway, I strolled around the area and had dinner so it's still nice to watch the sceneries around it. If you're sick of Korean food, there's McDonald's, Starbucks and Dunkin' Donuts. Not to mention a fish and chips shop (on the two-way main road) , but I'm not sure if it's good. If you're not sick of Korean facial and body products shopping, Innisfree and Nature Republic are around there.
Nice view
should walk to the peak to see the amazing view of jeju island. sunny day is the best day to go so you can get clearer view.
A must go in Jeju
A 20-minute easy climb to the top awards you with good scenery.  Remember to visit the the free women diver show 130pm and 3pm.
This is a beautiful view Seongsan Ilichulbong
We took the bus to get to this location and was dropped off at the bus stop.  There were no signs how to get to the destination so we went to the nearest hotel to inquire.  They pointed us the way and we forgot to ask how far it was.   We still did not find any signs how to get there but after walking 15-20 min found the entrance.  The scenery is beautiful and we took several pictures.
Good exercise, worth it for the views
I was told the hike up will only take 30 minutes but when I looked at it I was convinced it would take longer. The hike up is quite steep, lots of stairs, however it really just took a bit more than 30 min, to my own surprise. The hike is not easy however, it requires some stamina, many people take a break or two on the way up. Definitely bring something to drink. Seongsan is quite crowded with tourists, so lots of people all over. The hike is worth it, amazing views from the top. And the hike down is much more enjoyable then the one up. At the foot of Seogsan is a large parking lot, easy to leave your rental there, plus again lots of cafes, restaurants etc. You have to pay a fee to enter.Overall worth seeing Seongsan!
All you need is dream
I was thinking about Seongsan Ilchulbong, dreaming about it, visualizing  the moments & details of  the day, and just rushed to the legendary place sponteneously. Moved from Jeju Bus Terminal totally on my own. An hour & a half  and you are there! Enjoy:-)
Unfortunately not able to visit for sunrise
Would have been nice to visit for sunrise but we were reliant on public transport. Still glad we did it in the morning. Jeju is alot larger than we thought and it was more than an hour to get there on the bus from the bus station. It's less than 200m high but it felt like a struggle to get to the top! I think we took about half an hour for the climb. The pathways are very well laid out and it was very busy with visitors. Nice view while climbing. Right at the top it's more the crater you see so it was a sea of green when we were there. Defo worth a visit when in Jeju. From there we travelled to Seogwipo
Beautiful place
Hike to the peak for a wonderful view, Jeju island is blessed wit so many nature attraction & Seongsan IIchulbong is one of it, did not get to see the women divers performance as the wave was very strong during our visit but we manage to see live women divers at other place the next day. Walk around and enjoy the nature.
A good hike - but not a ‘wow’ view.
Reaching the top will provide you a panaromic view of the town below but that’s about it. It has a small piece of land where stadium like seats had been built. You cannot roam around coz it’s restricted as it’s shaped like a bowl and it’s just covered with trees and all..
Nice summit view!
Everyone should try reaching the peak with your loved ones. The summit view is amazing and you would feel a sense of achievement once you reached the top. Beginners can do this within 40mins!
Nice and beautiful place
It is surely a must-go attraction in Jeju. With only KWN2000 (adults) to this nice park, it is reallt worth it. Too many steps in descending and ascending way, not a wheelchair or elderly friendly place
Lots of steps but worth it!
A well organised site to view this magnificent natural phenomenon.  There were a lot of steps for those with limited mobility.  Take some water too.
Reached on a sunny afternoon!
Except for a few good and clear moments on the first afternoon, didn't get any clear day and was virtually rained in. But Seongsan was a nice little to walk around with some fabulous sea food places.
Scenic place.
It's 180M high and takes approx 1.5 hours for return journey.The view from top of the mountain is really spectacular.
The Sunrise Peak
Took a bus from Seogwipo early morning and it takes around 1 hour 40 minutes to get there as the bus stops on all stops along the way. Once there, it is a short 10 to 15 min hike up to the top where you will be met with a green crater. Unless you have a drone, its not possible to capture the beauty of the place unfortunately. On the way down, we waited to see the women diving show, but it got cancelled which was a let down as we only got to know after the show was supposed to start.
Amazing women free-divers and sunrise at the peak
We visited Seongsan Ilchulbong on two separate days - the first was in the afternoon to see the women free-divers' performance (1pm/3pm) and the second was in the wee hours of the morning (5+am) to see the sunrise. The free-divers were all middle-aged women who looked old enough to be our mothers. Despite their age, it was amazing how they managed to hold their breath so long underwater to harvest the seafood which you could buy from them and eat on the spot (they'll prepare/cook it in whichever way you want). The way they sang prior to the dive and the way they chatted and swam out to sea together reminded us of the friendly grannies in our neighborhood enjoying a nice chit-chat over tea. To see the sunrise at the peak, we started our climb at 4+am (it helps to stay in a hotel within walking distance to Ilchulbong). It was pitch-dark and torchlight was a must. The climb was shorter than expected and we reached the top before 5am. Thankfully the sky was clear that morning and we managed to catch a beautiful sunrise (around 5:30am) that was nothing short of amazing.
well worth the climb
Beautiful scenery at the top with breathtaking surrounding views of Jeju. Well maintained stairs, although uneven at first because they use the volcanic rocks, Many resting places as you go up. There is a lady at the top who explains the origins of the peak in English, which was a pleasant surprise. Large carpark area, fast food stores and souvenir shops.
Not just about the summit
It was really hot when we arrived so we did not go up the summit but explored the surrounding. You could walk to the left where you will come to several flights of steps leading down to the beach where the haenyeo or women free divers will perform their skills. If you do not fancy walking all the way down, just continue left as you will come to a cliff overseeing the Udo island. Another go to place in jeju. Understand that this island is form from volcanic eruptions much like jeju is as well. There are also lots of photo opportunities at the foot of the 180m+ mountain(?). Of course the usual F&B outlets are here as well. We also see some signage for horse riding but did not explore.
Should have more time
I came here for a quick photo moment. Although I had paid for the entry. I didn’t have the time to go up the peak to view the scenery. My limitation is that I have two young boys with me. But if I could I would want to go up and have a view. But I had also managed to catch some nice photo at this tourist attraction.
Beautiful sunrise and close to nature
This is a heritage site regarded as one of the New 7 wonders. Many people come to this place. The parking is huge but can be tight at times. Better to come here in fair day, so that you will enjoy the view. Bring your camera and water too. There are quite number of fastfood on the area if you need to buy snacks.
Beautiful coastline.
A nice stroll along a coastline that is inspiring. Take the time to enjoy this place - don’t just blow past it.  Look at the years of nature carvings and imagine what it was like when first inhabited.
Seongsan Ilchulbong - The Volcanic crater of Seongsan Ilchulbong
A beautiful view on top of Seongsan IIchulbong. Plenty of parking. We did this twice in the same day. The first hike (approximately 30 minutes to get to the top, started at 1pm) was extremely foggy and we couldn't see anything. We hiked back down and spent some time on the shore. Once the sun came out we hiked back to the top. There are several stops on the way with spectacular views of Jeju. You can purchase drinks and trinkets from one small shop about half way up. Use the restroom before going up as there is not one on the way. For a family of three to include a 10 year old we took one large bottle of water and a small backpack with some snacks and additional items. Bring a camera as it is absolutely beautiful. On the way we saw several different species of birds and spiders. At the top there are several benches where you can sit and enjoy the view. At the bottom there is a Mcdonalds, an ice cream shop, a souvenir shop, and other small shops. I suggest you try the orange ice drinks...they are great! Overall cost, 5,000 won for two adults and one child. We paid cash. Enjoy!
Rewarding view at the peak
Well maintained, easy hike up and down with the peak. Designated route for upwards hike and descending, so do not go against the flow. Very rewarding view at the peak. Take note of the women driver performance, twice a day. We missed it as we read online that it was 3.30pm, but it was actually 3pm.
Fantastic View
The climb is relatively easy and it's not necessary to visit there to watch the sunrise. The view in the morning is also great. There is also alot of parking space at the bottom so there no need to worry about that.
Wonderful Views
There are wonderful views from the peak here, and the walk up is pleasant enough.  I just hope that the loudspeakers blasting explanations (in various languages) are removed in the future.  They really spoil the atmosphere and convey the same information that can be conveyed on a sign.Admission is 2000 won.
Fantastic Attraction
This is a MUST go attraction in Jeju. You will need around 1- 1.5hrs to complete the entire trail. Parking will be 1000 won
Breath-taking scenery
A mountain with beautiful scenery. I did not manage to climb all the way up to the top as I was having knee problem but my friend did. It was really beautiful even when I was only half way up the mountain. I also enjoyed the nice cooling breeze that made me want to stay longer if possible. Worth the visit. Probably will visit this mountain and climb up again next time.
Must try. Best Natural Observatory
Ilchulbong means a peak for watching sunrise. But seongsan Ilchulbong is a place where u can enjoy superb views from every directions. Many people are rushing. It is recommended to watch before 9:00 am on weekdays.
Beautiful crater rim / cone
Rushed to watch the sunrise. Starts around 5am and everybody walk as fast as they can but once reach the stairway, mostly starts to b exhausted. Took some rest by snapping some pictures. Suddenly reached at 530am and already some crowd booked their best location for taking the sunrise. Anyway its a must do activity once you are in jeju island.
If you haven't seen the top of Hallasan Mt, visit this
Yesterday I was from the top of Hallasan Mt. And today I visited this place. It was crowded with students for their study trip. The view is pretty, but since there are too many people, I enjoyed it less, sadly. Perhaps I came here at the wrong hour, I came on Wednesday around 3 pm. If you go here when it's fewer people, you will get a nice panorama shot. It's mentioned that to go up and down you need 50 minutes. With many people before you, you need more. So much human traffic for today. Since I was from the Hallasan Mt, I preferred to hike Hallasan then visit this one. But it is still pretty tho, don't worry. Just not meeting my expectation I guess.
Unfortunately, we had low clouds
The top of Sunrise Mountain was obscured by clouds when we were there.      We climbed up.    It’s somewhat steep but there are benches for stopping along the way along with one restroom area about 1/3 of the way up.    Signage also in English.   It was extremely windy up at the top and we were in the clouds.   We had some visibility downward but very little outward.
It was so worth it!!
Seongsan Ilchulbong greets us in drizzled rain with fog everywhere making the place look mystic. However we put on raincoat and keep hiking. Halfway we stopped when all of us already looking dreadful.Since nobody want to keep climbing we make way to see the hanyeo. Eventho we didnt climb up to the peak, it was already so worth it. The view is something u cant get else where. Someday will come back to hike again!
UNESCO heritage
Breathtaking view when you reached the peak. Time taken from entrance to the peak ~60mins. You can get a chance to see woman diver show but too bad we did not get a chance for it due to time constraint. Tips: please wear comfortable shoes for walking, the stairs can be steep, and eat some food before that for good stamina.
Beautiful scenery
The view is good but the climb is tiring in spring with the cold wind. You have to climb about 30 mins to make it to the top.
Nice trek with great view
It is a very popular tourist hotspot, but is a short trek anywhere from 30mins to 1 hour trip to the peak. Offers a very nice view of the city as well as the sea. It is called Sunrise Peak for the very reason many climb this to watch sunrise. If time allow, try to plan for either sunrise or sundown for an excellent view from a high vantage point in Jeju. Every trip to Jeju, I try to make this spot one of my visit for at most 2-3hours. But beware of the tourist shop around here, they are all overpriced.
Stunning views and Jeju mermaids!
This was one of my favourite parts of Jeju! Truly so beautiful!A stunning view and so much history learning about the Haenyeo (or 'Jeju mermaids') who were diving whilst we were there. We also took a ride on the jet boat which leaves from nearby. So much fun!
Also called Sunrise Peak--a wonderful hike with stunning views from the crater's edge
The Seongsan Sunrise Peak is a crater with views from the overlook at the top edge of the crater, and a paved stairway/walkway up to the crater's edge.  A ticket is required to hike up the hundreds of steps to the overlook on the ridge of the crater, but if you are up to it, the view from the top is wonderful.  The crater is accessible from a causeway connected to the main island, but is itself surrounded by water everywhere except along the causeway, which adds to the view of the clear water below.  Parking is available at the crater, along with rest rooms at numerous places near the parking lot and shops, and one more restroom on the path, near where the uphill and downhill paths cross.  I always recommend carrying some toilet paper and hand towelettes in case they restrooms don't have them.The women abalone divers perform a couple of times in the afternoon on most days, so that might help determine your schedule.  Also, the smog was fairly thick the day we were there, so it limited a lot of the view of the island from the top of the crater.  The view nearby was still beautiful.  On a side note, we visited on a tour from a cruise ship.  There are 2 cruise ports on the island, one in the south port and one in the north port.  Where you port could determine your itinerary since various and impressive sights are available close to either town/port.The island has so much to offer – large lava tunnel caves, waterfalls, craters, mountains, cliffs, black sand beaches, incredible fresh seafood, and more but they are spread throughout the island, so it is  impossible to see all of them in one area or in a short amount of time.  Also, some of the attractions are restricted, so they might require group access, or have other requirements to enter.  This attraction had a ticket kiosk near the entrance, so it didn't look like it had any restrictions for individuals to either enter or buy tickets.  We concentrated on the east end of the island during our visit and found it to be similar to Hawaii in many ways other than the temperature, which was quite a bit cooler than Hawaii during our visit at the end of March (55 deg F was our high temp).  Even this crater reminded us of Diamond Head, in Honolulu.
MAGNIFICENT
a must climb to catch the view from the top. we were prized with a scenic view of jeju around seongsan after a less than 20 minutes climb. there were alot of eateries and cafes, souvenir stores surrounding seongsan.
We caught the sunrise and it was incredible.
Sunrise was at 5:58AM April 19th, 2018. We woke up ans started walking to the crater at 5:15 AM and had ample time to get up and witness what may be the only Unesco protected sunrise. We walked from the Co-op City Hotel and took about 10-15 minutes to get to the start of the path. It took another 20 minutes to climb to the lip of the crater. It can be challenging for some  but is is fine for anyone of average active health.Breathtaking views.
Very nice view
Seongsan illchubong is one of seven wonder world. Is not enough for you to arround this place for few time only. I suggest you to visit this place 1 day full. So, you can also watch women diver perform at 13.00 pm until 15.00 pm
Must go!
unesco world heritage !! When I went there it's snowing. very cold. But view was very very gooddddd. Mountain and sea were absolutely breath-taking. The stair was high. You should beware.
Best place for sunrise or sunset
It is a good place to watch the whole seaside view and the horizon of the sea where the sky meets the sea. The view is breathtaking as you can see not only the sea view but the city view of Jeju island and the mountain in the background. However, one need to put in the effort and climb 45 minutes up to the mountain top in order to enjoy this view. And also hope for the best of luck that it is not a cloudy day.
You will be in awe of the sunrise and sea of clouds!
Please stay around, check the sunrise time and go early. It’s took me 30 minutes to get up to the top. The climb is not easy, I took few breaks before reaching the top. I’m glad that I made it on time for the sunrise.It’s one of the best sunrise I’ve ever witnessed. And, the sea of clouds made me heaven! The picture doesn’t do the view justice. Trust me, you have to experience it by yourself! For your reference, I stayed at Seongsan Sunrise Hotel which is walking distance to Seongsan Ilchibong and Gwangchiji beach. It’s also short distance to Seopjikoji and Udo by cab. Public bus in Jeju is very convenient. You can take bus from Jeju Airport to Seongsan Ilchibong stop without transit.
A place for sunrise
Do check on the sunrise timing before heading up. We took about 45-60mins to climb up, taking short breaks in between. The place can be quite dark at 430am, so do bring along a portable torchlight. The torchlight mode from Smartphones just isnt bright enough. If you enter before 7am, there is no admission fee. Or rather, the admission office starts at 7am. So, lucky for us.The stone stairs are well maintained, im amazed, especially this is a popular spot for sunrise.We went during late March, transition period to Spring and the temperature was about 12-14 degree celcius in the wee morning. Although it might be chilly in the morning, pls do not wear thick clothing or heattech, as you will start to swear & feel hot after climbing up the stairs. So just like the locals, just don something light and with a windbreaker. If you scare you still might feel chilly, have a heatpack to warm your hands. It is important to carry light.However, i didnt get to see the sunrise. ): it was way too cloudy. Oh well..
Save money on the crude shore excursion by just...
Had a port of call in Jeju. The cruise offered a number of shore excursions. Instead, we took the free shuttle into town. It dropped us off right by the underground mall (half block past it)We walked around a bit then hailed a taxi. He agreed to a fixed price of $100 USD to take us to the folk village, then to sunset peak. (The cruise was $119 per person so we saved $138)We climbed to the top. It was strenuous but with frequent stops we made it. It’s like 59 stories. At the to you get a great view of the town and the sea. You also can look down into the volcano (and see a grassy crater)A million photos later we came down. We then went and saw the women diver demonstration. That was fun. They sang for a while then went fishing. While we were there, one of the ladies caught an octopus. I don’t know if anybody reads trip advisor unless you click HELPFUL. If you do this, it sends me an email and it makes me smile :-)
Perfect place for refreshes your soul
I really love this place, sooo much. You can reach this place by bus number 710 from Jeju Intercity Bus Terminal directly, trip around 90 minutes & pay for bus fare by T-Money. This bus route passing some attraction in Jeju, so please stop at the attraction you wants to visit. You can rent a car too. From bus stop at Seongsan Ilchulbong, you must walking around 300 meters. What i loved about this place is, so many seafood restaurants (because it really close with ocean) & some Korean cosmetics shop too. Don't forget to bring jacket, umbrella and of course mineral water. If you have strength, you can climbs the hill (around 500 meters). But so much fog when i'm there, i can't see clearly the basin. You will met some elderly people here, at the peak. Fresh air & green vegetation will makes your eyes & breath feels relieve. You can buy some souvenirs when you get back to the foothills.
Come For The Volcano. Stay For The Women Divers
Going to Seongsan Ilchulbong and climbing to the top to see the crater is on every  Jeju Island "To Do" list, but the best kept secret is down the mountain on the other side. In a gorgeous alcove, a handful of Jeju Haenyeo (women divers of Jeju) serves freshly caught mollusks in between diving and offering prayers of safety and a bountiful harvest. Some of these women are in their 80s and it is a very moving thing to experience. There are two shows daily 1:30 pm and 3:30 pm. It's free, although I suggest supporting these dynamic women by having some Makgeolli and a snack. The view is spectacular and so is the company.
A way to the top of the world
The view is breathtaking. A must place to visit while in Jeju, i’m coming in a spring time, the weather was cool, yet so windy.
Fairly easy climb
Excellent views on the top, fairly easy hike up less than 30 mins. other than the summer season which can be extremely hot, it can get very windy so do keep warm
Worth the climb
We came here early in the morning (5:30am) and began the hike up. It seems to be free admission before sunrise. Unfortunately, we did not see the sun rising from the ocean perhaps it was because of the fog. The sky just became brighter and brighter. We just took some photos and descended. On the way down, the sun finally made its appearance. Beautiful! There is also a women divers place below close to the coast. Cafes like Paris Baguette, isaac toast and dunkin' donuts are just nearby the parking lot.
Scenic view
A must visit. The view is really breathtaking and you will find the climb for 180m worth all the tired walk. We came here early morning, less tourist and the sunshine just suit the mood with windy weather.
Sunset View is also great
Lovely view even at sunset with manageable climb up. Down hill steps are new, even and better. Wished uphill can also be nicely renovated. Recommend a visit 👍
Breathtaking and worth it to go
We start our journey from Hotel Fine at 5 am in the morning and manage to arrived there at 6 am. Please bear in mind that you are required to climb a high numbers of stairs so at least make sure you had a breakfast first. The effort of climbing the numerous stairs is really worth it as once you reached the top, the scenery are breathtaking and amazed me on each second I blink my eyes. This is a must visit place when you are at Jeju.
You will not regret visiting this place
Now I know why this place is a place to visit in Jeju. You can see the amazing natural beauty here. But you have to prepare your energy if you want to climb to the top. There are many restaurants in this place so you don't have to worry if you are starving or thirsty. You will not regret visiting this place.
Worth the climb
Spend at least 2 hours here. Worth the climb. Beautiful scenery. If you bring kids or older adults, it’s worth the walk at the ground level and also to the sea.
Spot for Sunset
We want to get sunset view thus we go up at 6PM after back from Udo Island. Be prepare to climb up stairs and I mean lots of it. Have few places to stop, rest and see the sun set down. The view from top is awesome. Do carry bottle of water up as there's only 1 stall selling water when you climb around 10 to 15min. Once you pass the water selling stall, the stair steps is getting harder to climb.
Ready to exercise
This is one of the new world wonders and indeed it's a beautiful mountain with flights of stairs to climb. It's a good exercise as the weather was nice and breezy. The bird eye view was great but the peak, to me, was a bit disappointing.
Very nice view with win and beach
It very beauty place in the jejudo. If you go up the top of mountain where you can see all of the jeju do and can see the sunrise. But if you have many times the best recomended for you should go out and biking or trecking around the beach streets. It so better than by car...
Beauty on Top
Seongsan Ilchulbong is one of the best view I have ever seen in my entire life. The place is an epitome of beauty and calmness despite being flocked by tourists. It is very worthy of your time, effort and energy. Trek it to experience and see its beauty. There are plenty of activities being offered on site such as horse back riding, see a Jeju woman diver and even a tour around the area through boat. We were very interested with the boat ride unfortunately we did not have the luxury of time. if given the chance to go back to Jeju I will surely comeback here and try the boat ride as well as other activities offered. Moreover, the site has plenty of coffee shops and cafes around the area. There are also stalls selling Korean street food. It has huge parking area so get ready to walk from the parking area to the site. This site entails a lot of walking but because of its beauty and being windy you can never feel fatigue.
Be prepared for alot of steps
We went up with normal sports shoes. It was okay. The view from every angle was beautiful and the scenic view from the top was very nice.
Breathtaking view, totally worth hike to the top!
Seongsan Ilchulbong is certainly the top scenic spot in Jeju island. It’s basically a crater formed from volcanic eruptions, so it’s definitely has geological phenomena associated on top of being scenic. We drove from Jeju city to Seongsan for about an hour. There’s ample parking spots and entry fee is only 2000 KRW. Hiking involves climbing lot of stairs and takes about an hour to the top. We had a 2 year old with us and we could easily pick her and go to the top. I recommend carrying water and small snack items for energy. View from the top is very beautiful and obviously you see the crater when you reach the top. I think it’s top 3 spots to visit in Jeju Island and definitely a must if the weather is nice. Bonus if you during sunrise or sunset!! There are coffee shops (starbucks, McDonald, Paris Baguette etc.) and some local souvenir shop at the entrance. Enjoy
Will back again without tours
I regret that i should come to this place with a tour. I just have 1 hour here so i couldn't explore more about this place. A view is stunning, taking so much picture here.
Nice view after some exercise!
Recommend ~3 hrs. It was a relaxing hike up the stairs. Very easily accessible via public bus. Beautiful environment for nature lovers. Recommend to come here after udo island trip.
Beautiful Scenery with a stunning view.
The view was stunning and the crater is large and definitely a great place to take photos. Before you start hiking, i advice you should bring a bottle of drinking water, because there's no stores that sell one near the peak. A windbreaker or double layer clothes are useful, coz the wind was pretty strong. I sweated a lot. But reaching the top will pay all physical efforts!Last but not least, Keep your trash to yourself. Trash disposal bins are very rare. i Highly recommend this place.!
We use Waze to drive here
Came here after lunch nearby , ample parking space , restaurant, cafe , beauty shops near the parking area . Need to buy tickets to enter , it was a cold & windy day . No haenyo show on that day , the view was breathtaking. Huffing & puffing all the way up the stairs .
Prepare your leg for a climbing ^^ great view
This amazing landscape is a must place to go when you visit Jeju. You have to climb up to see the creater and do not worries, just prepare you leg for a stairs (a lot of stairs hahaha). You better wear a comfortable shoes. when i came was sunny, temperature around 18C but the wind was strong, it makes my hair messy & runny nose (prepare face masker will help). The scenery along the way was refreshing & amazing, you will not disapointed.
Steel walk is rewarded by spectacular views
A short but steep walk is rewarded with a spectacular view of the crater, ocean and the surrounding parts of the island. Very special to have the opportunity to visit such a special geological site. Informative signs along the trail help to educate visitors about the formation of the volcano.
Worth the climb! Sunrise Peak!
One of Jeju's UNESCO World Heritage. Must visit when in the island... I know its really hard ro climb, but when you get at the peak, all worth it. You dont have to worry if you get tired going to the peak coz theres a chair every level to get rest. Going down from the peak was so breathtaking. Overlooking seogwipo. A must and worth visit!
Worth to come
We came on Feb... It's sunny and so windy there when we came... But it's a worth to come... A long walking to the peak but got a great scenery when we arrived at the peak... Go down the cliff throught the stairs and you can see many Haenyeo selling abalones and they also can cook it for you after you pay it... Don't forget to bargain it... But you must speak in Korean because they cannot speak English lor... Hohohoh...
Beautiful View
Visited during Jan, weather is cooling and is just nice for walking up to the peak. It takes some energy and time to get to the top, it wasn’t too difficult as there are many places you can stop and rest before you continue to the top. Very nice view, should take some time to enjoy the area instead of rushing to the next destination.
Nice tracking place
Highly recomended going around sunset. Way up probably takes 40 minutes, if not too rushing. It is very beautiful view from top, and nice photos) Watching sunset from top was extra bonus )
Very beautiful scenery
The view is fantastic. It’s really cold during winter. I would suggest come to visit during spring or autumn.
One of the must visit sightseeing of Jeju
This place is easily accessible by bus. I took bus 201 from the old bus terminal in Seogwipo City and it took about more than an hour to get to Seongsan Ilchulbong. After you get off at Ilchulbong entrance station, walk right into the small alley and continue straight until the end to the Main Street, you will see sign leading to Ilchulbong. It was a nice hike but a lot of stairs. The view is beautiful up at the top. There are plenty rest stop along the way so no need to worry. When you come down, you can go to the beach where you’ll find the house of women divers. There are performances at certain time slot but since I visited in the winter, there was none. They also sell fresh seafood where you can have right at the restaurant. It was quite expensive but It’s fresh and also to support the women divers.
Nice views from the top
Lots of steps but there are plenty of places to rest along the way. Probably prettier to visit in Spring or Fall. It was a cold, gray and windy day, though the sun did come thru a little.  The Haenyeo, lady divers performance at 13:30 and 15:00 is very good and we enjoyed eating some of their very fresh catch! Easy to get to by public transportation but takes a long time. Easier if you have a car.
Beautiful view at the top makes it worth the climb
Even though it was autumn when i visited, the sun was glaring. It was quite tiring to climb the stairs all the way up to the top but totally worth it! The view along the way up and the view of the town and island from the top is magnificent even though the top was just kind like a crater. Very important to be in good comfortable shoes.Will gladly climb again, hopefully this time i get there in time for sunrise or sunset.
Beautiful Landscape
If you stayed in Seogwipo, just go to the bus terminal and ask the local there or to the tourist information inside the terminal which bus route to get in.The trip from Seogwipo take about 1 hour and 40 minutes with little traffic and several bus stops.On arrival you will see right away the remarkable Seongsan rocky mountain, really beautiful.The admission is only 4.000 Won for two people.You can easily climb to get to the top as the trail is well maintained with a good step stairs and get a good pictures while you’re on your way up. If you’re lucky, you may catch the women diver show and there’s a trail down to the rocky beachside to ride a boat.
Great Place.. A must go !!
It is very interesting place, amazing. However if you wanna reach the top, you will have to put effort to go there.
Stairs and good view
A lot of stairs to take, so wear the correct shoes. It would take up to 20 minutes to go up. There are spots to take a rest. View from the top is cool, natural. You would take around 20 minutes on top. Going down is from a different set of stairs. Too many tourists around you :-) something must visit in Jeju.
Best place of Jeju
Needless to say that thousands of mainly local  toursts want to see the place. Extint volcano. At the waterfront you can see a show of the so called Haenyeo, more than old women that dive in their black suits for octopus, clams etc. At the visitor center you should try perfect icecream made from peanuts or tangerines. Tangerines are cultivated quite often on Jeju.
Wonderful place
Really love this place. You can see the diver performance. Amazing view from the top with fresh air, i would love to come back to this place again.
Worth the climb!
I visited this place with my family, my parents are seniors. Costs 2,000 won per person. The stairs were ok for me to climb, but will be more challenging for seniors. It’s approximately 40++ floor climb (based on my watch tracking) and takes around 20++ minutes of brisk climbing to reach the top. The uneven stone flooring in certain areas can be a little tricky to climb. The views were more beautiful halfway, rather than the top. Different paths for ascending and descending so the foot traffic is smooth. The view from the peak was slightly obscured by rocks and the fence, but there’s binoculars available for use for 500 won. We visited this location close to sunset, but the view was amazing nevertheless. Surrounding the area is a lot of eateries, and there’s washroom etc nearby (important in winter :) ). Ample FOC parking spots available.
Nice view~
Another UNESCO World Heritage. It have a nice view from the top but you need to climb up the stairs. Perhaps is a good exercise.  :)  You may bring along the bottled water as it takes around 30 mins to the top. There have restaurants, coffee shops, food stalls, souvenir stalls at the bottom and free car park as well.
Very nice 360deg view at the top!!!
Early Morning walk is rather cold and its indeed extremely tiring to walk up the stairs to the top. But the view at the top is so beautiful, the sea water surrounding very crystal clear. Its a must go attraction.
Amazing view from the top
A hike to the top is quite challenging especially for the elderly and family with young children as there are heaps of steps. Make sure to bring something to hydrate you as there were no drinking fountains available on your way to the top. Enjoy the views of the sea and cityscape once you're at the top. Also, there are a number of restaurants, coffee shops and food stalls at the bottom of the peak.
Incredible
We got there just before dawn and it was a 20-minute hike to the top.Once we got there, we were surprised to see that there were loads of other people there to enjoy the sunrise. There's nothing blocking your view as you see the sun rise in the horizon, as if behind the sea. Absolutely must-see if you're in Jeju!
Very chilly & windy weather
Here you will witness lots of high waves.... it is scary also to see waves so close to you & so high. Beautiful place though to see sunset or sunrise.
Quite a steep hike but the views are fantastic
I had read a few reviews of this attraction before hand, but nothing had prepared me for the hike that you have to go through to get to the top.  The climb is moderately steep - there are heaps of steps.   Though doable, it may be quite challenging/tiring for the more elderly and very young.  Making it to the top is a reward in itself - views of the sea and landscape are beautiful.
Underwhelming on Drizzly Day
It was a gray drizzly day, slightly foggy too.  Not the right weather to visit Seongsan Ilchulbong.  The views at the peak were underwhelming, and not worth the hike up.
Stunning view from the top of the mountain
I'd strongly suggest to climb up the mountain peak, Absolutely amazing view. I'm not too sure if its too hot in Summer, but when we came here it was in winter. We (together with my 8 years old daughter) climbed to the peak and it took us around 20 minutes to reached the highest point.If you are here around before 15:30, they have grandma diver performance. It is amazing to witness those old women dived into the sea without tank, only googles. They have been included into UNESCO cultural heritage list.
What a view
My friends and I didn't expect much when we headed out here. We thought it would be a short hike but we were in for a surprise. From the moment we got out of our car, the view of the ilchulbong was breathtaking. After a short 10-20? minute hike, we took a pause at the peak to take in the grand view in front of us. I believe this is the #1 attraction of Jeju island.
Sunrise Peak for sunrise
Managed to reach there before sunrise and climbed up the mountain in about 25 minutes. The wind was real strong up at the peak and it was very very cold but it was worth every effort. The scene is amazing even though it is my second time here.
Quick and beautiful
The hike is very picturesque, it's not very steep or in any way difficult. The view is amazingly beautiful, the caldera overlooking the water and even the stairs add to the amazing look of the place (I usually prefer natural hiking trails). It is not very big though, so it takes little time to hike up and down, so it's better to plan something to do in the neighborhood and not come just to see this place, as it might not be satisfying on its own.
MUST GO
Must walk..hike to the top.  Worth to go..because the nice scenery. Not suitable for old people & wheelchair. Really a huge place. Actually is a die volcano. But really beautiful.. when you on top the hill. Definate you wont regret . But must have a good stamina. Certain hour, there is a woman diver show. Quite interesting.
BEST HIKING TRACK FOR BEGINNER!
This place was soo dope! Take note that it was so nice to visit this place around sunrise so it was a good decision that we stay near the sunrise peak! Our airbnb owner was driving us to the sunrise peak 30 minutes before the sunrise. As a beginner, the track was good and a nice hiking for us. Definitely a must visit when you stay at Jeju Island. Note that, bring your hiking shoes and hiking outfit! If you come in the morning, you cant see the woman diver show or take a boat around, but it was nice!
Nice to hike in the afternoon
I've been here 3 times already.  my latest visit is last Oct 2017 to accompany my friends.  I love the scenery.
Excellent climb and views
You have to climb up quite a bit of stairs to get to the top but it is surely worth it when you see the crater and the ocean beyond! We arrived at 3 o'clock and was unaware that the women fisherman show was also at three by the time we had climbed to the top and back down we were 45 minutes late :-(. Be sure to walk out to the lookout of Udo island, gorgeous!
Well worth a visit!
Oh my GOD!! The hiking to the top was a BIG challenge for just an average walker.... You definitely need to be fit to be able to hike with an ease... as the name suggests it is a hike to the peak! The trail was very well built with stairs and was well supported with a railing all the way to the top. I was certainly glad that I nearly killed myself to get to the top!
Go at Sunrise
Excellent view especially at sunrise. Hiking was good for a beginner level. Many places to stop and take a rest if needed. If not an experienced hiker, it takes maybe 40 minutes to get up to the top. No entrance fee if you go super early. Lots of lovely places around to grab coffee or some food after you hike down as well. I would do this again in a heartbeat!
Worth all the steps!
Ilchulbong is a huge rock/volcano/crater on the North East of Jeju Island. At first it seems a little daunting when you pull into the carpark as it looks really huge and steep. Yes, there are a lot of steps, but there are plenty of places to pause or sit for a rest and once you get to the top there's a great sitting/viewing platform. The views are really spectacular in all directions and you can see all over the mountain. It's really worth a visit if ou are going to Jeju.
Amazing scenery
A beautiful wild landscape worth visiting! If you are lucky, you may also see the women divers that Jeju island is very famous for :)
Bad timing but great view
We were there in a bad timing when it was raining hard so we opted not to proceed for fear of slipping or whatnot but I have seen pretty good shots of the view from the peak. I heard the climb can be challenging too.
Great sunrise
It's a bit of a climb to get to the top, which is mostly stairs. Once the stairs start they don't stop until the top. By this I mean there are no real breathers in between the flights of stairs and when you're on a schedule - getting to the top before sunrise, the climb can take a bit out of you. Plan for about 30 minutes or less for the healthy folk and 40 minutes or more for those of us who aren't from the parking lot.Also didn't pay entrance fees as there's no one there at sunrise.
Great view!
An easy 20 minute climb to one of the best view points on the island of Jeju. Slightly steep but easily doable for anyone in decent shape. My 74 year old uncle had no problem hiking the steps..just go slow and enjoy the spectacular views.
Tiring climb to a peaceful peak
Started our trek at around 5:50am for the 6:50am sunrise and we reached the peak at around 6:20am. So many steps... for a person who hasn't been jogging often this climb was tiring! There are wet wooden bleachers at the peak for folks to sit on and await the sun to rise. Many locals head up and will exclaim when the rising red sun appears.The descend starts getting tiring again near later half of route... very peaceful and wonderful view of Jeju at the top.
Exciting Excursion, but Not Mandatory
My wife and I visited the sunrise mountain on our recent visit to Jeju Island.  Reviews had essentially undersold me on how strenuous the climb would be - it was a workout!  Took a proper 30 min of intense stair climbing to reach the top.  The views at the top were great, although the "crater" itself is just not that photogenic.  It's a big green area.  There's clearly a big appeal to seeing the sunrise but we didn't make that early morning trek.Don't miss the side paths toward the female cliff divers.  Offered some of the coolest views with the bay and the mountain.Overall, I thought it was really pretty and worth a visit but not necessarily mandatory if you're just in Jeju for relaxing.
Explore Jeju Island
Magnificent views even I only managed to climb half way. Here you can see people mountain people sea. Young and old. No wonder it's declared as another 7 Wonders of heritage of South Korea. A very worthy place to visit.
Very nice but too many tourists
You can reach Ilchulbong by bus from the Intercity bus Terminal in Jeju-Si. It takes around 1h30 to reach it. You don't really care if it is an express or intercity bus you are taking, they more or less all go at the same speed... which is quite fast. You can't really miss the stop which is quite close to the crater. Dozens of buses parked in front of the mountain kind of spoil the nice atmosphere of the place but remember you are a tourist as well...  Left to the entrance, their is a nice small temple, worth the look. The climbing to the top is all made of wooden stairs and doesn't take too long (don't remember exactly, around 30 min). We did it with kids (youngest is 6) and she could do it easily. The view from the top is nice. It is a bit disappointing not to be allowed to walk around the crater. You can just see it from a platform. Before (or after) climbing, don't forget to take a look at the beach on the left of Ilchulbong specially between 13:00 and 15:00 when the old women divers are fishing.
Must visit in Jeju island
Climb up to the peak of the hill and you’ll get a fantastic view from the peak. Make sure you bring along a jacket with you as the wind is quite strong (the wind js strong during my visit).
Seongsan Ilchulbong
Getting to the crater was after a 20 minutes steep climb upwards via a rocky road made up of bumpy rocks. The steps got smaller, higher and steeper as you move higher up the crater. The view was amazing as you climb, and was breathtaking when you get to the top. The timing of the sunrise varies daily but the top may get a little crowded, so it’s advisable to climb up a little earlier to secure a good position. The way down was via another route, but this time, with proper stairway. It leads to another cliff of the just at the side of the bottom of the crater. You can either take the stairs down the cliff to the bottom where it’s closer to the seashore or you may go up the cliff and then make your way back to the entrance.
Very beautiful
This place was one of the prettiest places I've been so far! The ticket wasn't expensive, the price was actually very good, most of the people could pay more for it. The stairs up was very safety and the whole place was very clean also. Views was breathtaking!
Supposedly the gem of jeju
we arrive here to herds and herds of tourist. It was quite a turn off to see from a distant the beeline of people ascending the steps so we decided to skip the hike and instead chill at the cafe nearby.
THE place to visit in jeju
This is the thing you should visit when you are in jejuto go up and down it takes 1h, not too difficult but good enough to make you tired!the view is amazing at the top, bring your own water cose it can be really there is a beach on the righ side at the bottom when you go down, some grand ma are selling fish down the beach, nobody are there
Nice view from the peak
it was a pleasant hike..some rain showers but the trail is not slippery, reaching the top and seeing the views will compensate the climbing and i love the fresh air. Binocular is also available for a 500coin krw
Wonderful
Excellent visit to this world heritage site. It is easy to get to by bus and the signage also guides you toward the entrance. It is unexpectedly cheap and there are lots of things to do and see. There are also many restaurants to choose from in the area.
Quarter-Day in the fall
We drove over to Sunrise Peak on a rainy, windy day in October and knew that we would be back the following day when the rain was supposed to be gone. Thank goodness, we came back, it would have been a miserable and somewhat dangerous hike in the rain. The ticket for the hike was less than $4 USD for two adults. The hike is full of stone stairs, and if you follow the signs (please follow the signs, don't be that person) there are plenty of places to stop, rest, and enjoy the view. At the halfway point, there is even a small shop with drinks and a souvenir stand that will char a wood sign for you with your name. When we got to the top, and enjoyed the clear, clean skies (so different from Seoul) we could watch the fishing boats and could even see some of the Women Divers of Jeju at the bottom. My suggestion is to get there early, the trails opened at 0730 and enjoy your hike. The bus tours and most other Korean tourists won't be out that early. Wear good shoes and comfortable clothing and bring your camera. It was a lovely sight in October. By the time we came back down after enjoying the views and watching the divers, the parking lot was starting to fill up with many bus tours. This place would still be gorgeous, but not as fun, if we would have had to share the stone stairs with 3,000 of our closest tourists.
Hike up and be rewarded with an amazing view
Despite missing the sunrise on a gloomy drizzling day, we enjoyed our time at this attraction. In order to get some amazing view, one have to climb up the steps which isn't too steep. The view going up and going down from the other side is totally different. Highly recommend this place for nature lovers.
Lovely views
We got here by public bus from the Manjanggul caves. It took about an hour as we had to transfer. Using the public transport is a bit of an adventure in itself. I think the bus routes have been updated lately so even some of the locals seem confused at times.We looked at the top of the peak and thought, 'no way, this looks like it'll take 2 hours to climb'. However after asking other tourists we were told it takes about 25 minutes. I was sceptical as I'm not the fastest at going up stairs.The entry fee was 2,000 krw and despite taking quite a lot of short breaks on the way up we reached the top in 20 minutes! The views were lovely.We ended up doing this around midday and it was HOT. I recommend coming here earlier or later in the day if you can when it is a bit cooler. It was rewarding to reach the top. They are selling some drinks in the way up but I recommend that you pack some water as well as a snack to eat when you enjoy the views at the top.
Awesome views from the peak... A must in Jeju
This mountain (aka Sunrise Peak) is located to the eastern seaboard of the island and is not accessible easily if you are staying in one of the hotels in Jeju-ri (city area) in the north. You need to take public transport which can take you more than 1 hr (Blue intercity bus, flat rate 1200 W) or 50+ min by express bus (Red, flat rate 2000 W). It is advisable to put up overnight in one of the many hotels or guest houses in Seongsan itself so that you can wake up early and start your ascend to watch the sunrise.This will take about 25-40 min to climb up the well laid out steps if you do not stop along the way to take pictures. However it is advisable to stop along the numerous rest areas and take your own time to ascend. Certain parts can be quite steep so come with a good pair of canvas sneakers or hiking shoes, sunglasses, sun screen, bottles of water. The climb up is worth the effort as you will be rewarded with the fantastic views from the peak. Going down is much easier and you can stop at the foothill to watch the women divers putting up a demo at 1.30 pm and 3 pm. At the foothill is a public toilet and a McDonald and cafe apart from stalls selling souvenirs and cold drinks.
The spot to view the sunrise
For those who can get up early and it's amazing.  The local tourism board also arrange an annual 2-day party on 31 Dec and 1 Jan where you find interesting booths for travellers of all ages which I happened to be there 2 years ago.
A speculator view
The mountain is rather easier to go, need not much effort unless you are old. But I heard some young ladies were quite dyspnoea. May be we needed more exercise to get better health. I went up around 1pm, and haven't enjoyed the sunrise view.It should be good to stay with the sun going up in the sky.
sea woman and pony riding inside
The sea woman's show and horse riding beach are all inside the park.Climb up takes 20 min. Then you are at the edge of the volcano.Must go place beautiful volcano peak.you can hear sea woman sing and eat their harvest. you can ride pony along the seashore.As you know, every scenery place cost 2,000.
Worth the climb!
Our visit was in the second week of September recently. It's quite an experience for both of us who are above 55yrs of age but nevertheless, we managed to reach the top! The view is so exhilarating and beautiful! Spend time taking photos and enjoy the cool breeze! You will not regret it even though the next day our calf muscles were sore!
Pleasant hike
Pleasant hike with young children, remember your water it was very hot on a mid august afternoon. Not too difficult a walk a few steps but enough photo shots to break it up for the kids. The view from the to is excellent out over the crater , to udo and remember to look at the pyroclastic cones behind you on the mainland. Don't forget the temple at the bottom in the car park worth a look.
A MUST GO in Jeju
Seongsan Ilchulbong, the ‘Sunrise Peak’ Peak rose from under the sea in a volcanic eruption over 100,000 years ago.The view is breathtaking, took about 30~40 minutes up to the peak, its definitely worth it. Prepare your camera.
Tired but worth with the beauty from top
This place is new of 7 wonders by UNESCO. There are a lot of place for you to take a beautiful pictures with the view mountain, ocean and city. They call this place s sunrise peak, you can check the schedule of sunrise in the stones in the front gate. You can buy a ticket around KRW 2,000 to enter. Then you can climb the mountain with hundreds of stairs (I didn't count it). Prepare yourself before climbing, better take a bottle of water. There are a view rest area while you climb the stairs. At the top you can see the very beautiful landscape. It's worth dude! 😊😊
One of the most visited spots in Jeju
Seongsan Ilchulbong or sunrise peak is one of the most visited spots in Jeju. We took a public bus here from port after visiting Udo Island. Lucky it is near the port as it was already late afternoon when we reached here.  The parking lot was crowded with tour coaches and and you could see the crowd climbing up and down the peak.  There was a well laid path which was fairly wide with steps leading up and separate steps leading down.  Certain parts had narrower steps and you have to slow down. Although the peak was not very high, you still need to stop now and then to catch your breath as the steps were quite steep. As usual, wear good walking shoes and stay hydrated. The views from the top were awesome and if you come before dawn, you can catch a beautiful sunrise here.  After climbing to the Udo lighthouse earlier, it was tiring to climb this peak as well but we managed.  There are platforms and steps to sit on at the top to rest and relax. By the time we got a public bus back to Jeju city, it was already getting dark.  You need to pay a small fee to climb up.
Worth the trip
We came on a hot August day by bus. It is about 2 hours from the Intercity Bus Terminal (701). There is much to see. You can climb the steep ridge to the top or go below and see some of the expert women divers. Bring a hat and a sturdy umbrella. This is a stunning natural landmark and one of the rather unspoiled places on Jeju Island, which is crawling with unnecessary development.
View of Tombolo, Crater and Cliffs
Our family went there after watching sunrise in nearby beach, where we could shot sunrise with Seongsan on the background.  It took about 30 mins for us to climb up to the top by the rather steep staircase, the higher we walked, we saw the full picture of the tombolo and its neigbour.  Up to the top, which is a narrow path and watching performs, we saw the view of the 'crater", cliffs and the ocean.  As we arrived early, there were not many people, we enjoy the quiet and time to camera, but when we walked down, we saw the full load of coach, and group of tourist.
Wonderful and high
You will need good shoes and ~20 min, and water, the rout is amazing, clean, safe and view is breathtaking, on the way back you can buy tangerine juice form the shops - delicious!
Great view of nature!
We went sometime March so the weather was a bit cold and the wind was strong since the mountain is near the ocean. Suggest to wear something warm and put on comfortable shoes for the hike. There are also cafes (Starbucks, etc.) and shops (Faceshop, local souvenir shops, etc.) by the entrance.
Seongsan Ilchulbong : : Climb of a lonely traveller
I got 28 hour spare time before my flight to Dhaka in my last visit to Korea. When I got this break at the very last moment, I searched Jeju air ticket and hotel booking online without any delay. As I purchased it at the last moment, I had to spend USD 125 more for air ticket and hotel booking. Jeju is a rush destination in summer. It's is a fairly large island to cover within 24 hours. Thanks to TripAdvisor and reviewers for helping me to select Seongsan Ilchulbong and Hamdaeok beach from many other attractions.Tourists have time, usually visit Seongsan Ilchulbong before dawn to observe Sunrise. That why it is also known as Sunrise peak. As I did’t had that option in hand, I climbed it at afternoon. I took a taxi from my hotel at Hamdaeok beach and it costs around USD 28. Bus is always cheaper but I had only 20 hours left in my hand to catch my return flight. Sunrise peak entry ticket costs USD 2 for adults and USD1 for child. Most of the review I read earlier suggests it takes 20 minutes to climb on the peak but as an amateur I took roughly 40 to 45 minutes to climb. There are two wide and convenient stairway to climb on the peak. I selected the left side stairway and eventually it was a right decision. Because there is a small grocery in the midway selling soft drinks and water for those who didn't buy it from the base. As usual they charge double for each drinks but it was a life saver for me. When I came down from the other way I didn't find any shop like this. There are also a  midway station if you are tired want get refreshed for a while. When I reached on the peak I was almost exhausted. The view is literally breathtaking. I was sitting there more than one hour and a half as it is so charming that made for  forget everything else of life. I came down from the other stair way. The surrounding is so calm and comfortable that I stayed their until it’s dark. Tips: Try to book air ticket and hotel upfront to save cost. Rely more in internet than locals advise because there is a high chance of misleading information due to language barrier. I lost twice in the island for relying on them and lost around 3 hours of my precious time. There are halal restaurant ( Bagdad and Rajmahal) in Jeju island. 4 days are fairly enough to cover most of the attraction of Jeju. It costs total USD 400 all inclusive  for me for a quick tour , however if you are two them many cost will be shared within you. If I could catch the early morning flight from Gimpo airport at 7:30 am and save three more hours to arrive Jeju island then I could go to Udo island as well. I couldn't do that because I had to come from Suwon city. So if you stay at Seoul, you can catch 7:30 morning flight comfortably.
Wonderful view!
Nothing much to say but great view!You shoud wear lightweight hiking shoes and bring water; umbrella along.Food are not allowed.You should try boating also. (10000- 20000 won per person)It is really great!
Seeing is believing..
If you're into nature, love moderate hiking and stairs climbing, love to see sea and city thru the bird eye view, taking plenty of photos of nature formations and also selfies (or wefies), then wjy don't you go to Seongsan Ilchubong, Jeju Island, South Korea. Designated as Unesco World Heritage site, this mountain is one the best place that you can hike and feels the wind blows your hair or maybe yourself too. The combination of flat lands and also the hike to the peak gives you an unforgetable memories. With each steps you take to climb to the peak, you will encounter several break spots or photo viewing for you to stops and take photos. Half way thru to the peak, you can see the entire city below you and starting to see the seas too. Hike to the peak, you can the see majestic view of the Seongsan Ilchubong itself. To your front is wide sea and the flat land (heard that it's actually a death volcano, correct me if i'm wrong) and to your behind is the view of the city and their surrounding. Don't forget to take photo at the peak's signboard. The formation of the clouds and the sun may give you the awe moments to you, especially when it reflects to the sea surfaces. When you go down from the peak, try to look at your right. You may see people going down to feels the sea water. Mind you, sometimes the wind blows a bit strong.  You need to pay for entrance and you don't like to hike to the peak, the ground is enough for you. Me and my friend, went there on Nov'15. Do try to enjoy nature at their best.
Climbing to the top
A fantastic view, but take it easy if you're not into exercise. It's a steep climb to the top! We climbed on a hot day and if we didn't have water we wouldn't have made it!
Amazing place
Hello everyone! This is a must do if you are on Jeju Island. It is a TON of walking and I will not ever recommend doing it on a hot day in the middle of the day because there is very little shade. It is a hard walk up a lot of steps but some very beautiful scenery. If you do hike it bring water and some fuel bars. It won't take you very long unless you are out of shape but even then it is worth every pain to get there. Truly breathtaking.
Be ready to walk... and get amazed!
There is a stair to reach to top to this extinct volcano. It seems easy at first but you will need to be prepared to reach its top. They put places to sit through the course.Since I was there during summer time, I sweated a lot. But reaching the top pay all physical efforts!Then you can walked down in order to see (and get enjoyed by) the friendly ladies who dive! It was nice to see that they also served the seafood they've just captured! You need to see them because they are now just a few and how knows if there will be more of them in the future.Remember 1: the presentations of this ladies happen in specific times (I got their 13:30pm presentation, so I had to walk fast up and down the volcano in order to see them)Remember 2: you should pay a ticket to get inside the park.I truly recommend you to reach both the top of the volcano and see the women divers presentation.
Great view!
Seongsan Ilchulbong provides a great view of the city, and ocean especially if you reach the peak.It's 180m up, and steep, so if you don't have the right condition it may be hard for you to climb up.The place is also famous for the women divers performance. It starts at 1:30pm and 3:00pm if I am not mistaken.There are also nearby shops in the area you won't get hungry or thirsty.If you collect city Starbucks mugs, there's a Starbucks nearby that offer Jeju mugs, cups and tumblers.
Spectacular views
We were there on a clouded day, which was perfect since you don't want to climb those stairs in a heatwave. Not alot of visitors, so we made plenty of pictures without any bombers. Definitely a must-see if you are in Jeju.
beautiful place & good for take 1day visit
beautiful place & good for take 1day visit if you have time in jeju. we take off bus stop prior to entrance and take many picture at the outside of Seongsan Ilchulbong. it has a beautiful beach & flower and horses etc... after that, went inside the hill. we went to the end of cliff that has a show for haenyeo starting time was 1330 & 1530. that has a dance & sing a song before go inside the sea. first time to close view their hard duty as actually jeju still getting many haenyeo woman as i viewed that carrying the orange ball inside the sea. some near coastal and some in the middle of ocean. seem take a long time duty such a hard duty.after that we went to hill of Seongsan. good view but the summit just a half & not easy to identify. but overall view & trail was enjoyable. must see
One of my favorites
Definitely one of my favorite places in Jeju-do. Beutiful, worth visiting during the sunset. Beautiful view and the hike is quite easy, so good for families with kids as well.
Beautiful part of Jeju
I went to this peak three times during my stay for a year on Jeju island! First time was in August when it was sweltering hot, so I never climbed it just took pictures from the bottom. The second time I went was in September when it was cooler and I climbed it and it only took the recommended time of 30 minutes. Such a beautiful view and the sign saying you reached the top is very nice. My last time climbing it was in December for the sunrise and my mom and I made it to the top just before sunrise but it was an overcast day so we only saw a tiny bit of pink under the clouds but still it was a nice view of Jeju from that height! Definitely recommend doing this while you are in Jeju :)
Great view
Great view up from the foot all the way up to the top of the peak. Took about 30 -40 mins to climb up and down.Be sure to visit the Haenyeo- woman diver at the mini beach area. You can eat live seafood- sea cucumber, octopus, abalone etc if you are brave enough.
Stunning view
Such a beautiful place with stunning viewIt is a must visit when you come to jeju islandDon't forget to gear up with comfy shoes because you will need to hike if you want to get the best view of this placeMake sure you buy a bottled of tangerine juice because it tastes delicious
The mountain displayed on all those billboards!
We went for sunset and it was stunning. There were quite a few people but I imagine fewer than there were at sunset. Make sure to go to the black sand beach close to the mountain too.
