If you have kids can go!
This location is nearby Manjanggul cave so if you have time specially have a kids, suggest you can visit, inside have some of Kids facilities and one more thing, there have a lot of FAT FAT Cat.
Cave trip add on
Lots of fun! Dozens of tame affectionate kitties greet you at the entrance. Cute kittens too! There is a toddler playground with toddler-sized shops play kitchens, jungle gym, rope course, teeter totter— al kid sized. Plenty of great spots for selfies of all kinds. The maze is very tall and take a good 15 minutes at full sprint to wind through and capture stamps on the way to ringing the bell. If you are feeling silly or have small a children with you, this is the spot!
Fun for smaller Kids
Not bad but more suitable for young kids. We went there only cos it is next to the Manjanggul Cave which was close on the day we went.
Maze fun with family and friends.
My friend had completed the maze shorter time by instinct and not following the map.  Me and my partner collected all the marking stamp but takes a longer time to end.  But it was a great fun. Worth visit!
Fun activity for the whole family
Fun activity to warm up and dry off after  visiting the lava caves. The perimeter hedge symbolises the coastline of Jeju and care has been taken to maintain the maze as close to nature as possible. Shouldn't take more than 20 minutes to complete.
Fun for the family
We planned this for the kids but the adults had fun too. When we arrived, we bought the tickets while the kids were busy with the numerous cats around the area. It turns out that this is also a place for cat lovers, this place is a mini cat world too. You can get cat food from the ticket counter to feed the cats.In the maze, the kids formed a team and raced with us, the parents. Each team had to find the stamps hidden around the maze and stamp on the paper given. First team to collect all 6 stamps and ring the bell to exit the maze wins.Upon exiting the maze, as we passed thru the ticket counter again, the lady manning the counter asked us to visit the gift shop to claim a free postcard.
Loved it
Actually pretty fun to race your friends and see who locates the end (bell) first. Cute cats with free cat food too. Just request it at the gate.
Really like this place !
When we arrived i thought it looked boring, then u step in and u find lots of nice standees and "stations" for you to take selfies and wefies (they even set up the wefie stand for you) ! After you flood yrselves silly with pics, you can try the maze. Its interesting walking in and out and along the way you can look out for cats that are just chillin by the greenery. Overall a good experience especially for families !
A place for families & kids
I found this place very average. The design, the mazes and the whole layout is really nice but nothing else to be outlined, the museum was pretty poor and old. I think is the type of attraction to enjoy with your family and kids. The entrance fee is 9.000 won. If you are really truly into mazes, you’ll enjoy it, otherwise I will recommend a different attraction.
Beautiful maze and garden!
This is a very lovely maze park with a beautiful garden! We absolutely enjoyed the hour we spent here. The garden is well kept and we were given little bags of cat food to feed the 40 cats scattered throughout the garden.
Nice place to take a break and have some fun
It's a nice stop in general but also when you visit the nearby Manjanggul Cave Lava Tube. The whole maze property is very well maintained and nicely done, a great place for a picknick. The maze itself isn't that difficult and with the map really easy. Some fun for the young as well as the older ones. I also found out how useful a drone can be - to exit a maze easily :)
Mazingly amazing!
The are lots of nice background for picture - taking here. It is made area per area. Lots of youngsters also come to this place. The maze itself is nice to try. But be careful is you are with kids. They might get lost. The parking is huge.
Worth a few minutes but nothing exceptional here
Visited this park on my way back from Manjanggul Caves. There were a lot of cats there as it seems the owner is pretty fond of them. They provided me with the map but could finish in about 8 minutes without using it. Nothing thrilling about the place though and one can skip it if short of time..
One of the biggest maze!
There are 3 different mazes you'll get to go through. It's tricky and fun at the same time. Once you've solved the last one, take time to go to the top of the main building and see the vista from there! At the end of the maze, you might need refreshment so there are drinks and ice cream available! Definitely a fun place to go to!
Kid and Adult love it!
This maze park is very near to Manjunggal cave, maybe 500m away. If you have time, drop by this place for some fun activities with young children. This maze park is also have many .. really many fat furry cats. Cat lovers .. you sure love it.Children will enjoy the maze, it is not a difficult maze to go thru. In between this maze, there is 6 stations for stamping, collect all this stamps as souvenir. To complete the maze, it will take easily less than 30 minutesAdmission fee is a little bit pricey but for the children sack, the fee will exchange the children happy faces.For those who not keen to go in, there is a good resting place outside the entrance.
Fun place to visit
We came here after the Manjungal caves. The maze is challenging enough and took us about 35min to solve, but it was fun and worth the entrance price. It was a hot day so take a bottle of water with you to stay hydrated. Also, whilst in the maze we noticed some pretty large spider webs with some fairly big spiders, so careful of those. All in all, its a great family activity. There's also some lovely cats in the park that are friendly and you can pet them.
Fun Activity
Driving here was a breeze. Entrance fees: Adt @ 3,3000w. This place is great for young adventurous ones. More popular among the locals though. It is not as simple as it seems. Get the brochure and collect stamps! Split into groups if you have more people, and it would be much more fun. This place will also really test your patience~
We had funny and enjoyable time!
THis Maze Park is located between Manjanggul Cave and Gimnyeongsagul Cave. It was designed by the world famous company and jeju National University. The Park contains a maze that has 7 view incorporated in it. and here are three skywalks called ‘gureum dari’ and an observatory. There are four ways to get through the maze from the entrance. We had funny and enjoyable time!
Go to Running Man Maze Land instead!
We skipped this as our driver guide told us that there is a bigger and better one called Maze Land which Running Man visited. We went and had a lot of fun there.
All couples should try
This maze is fun and quite simple. And from what I've observed, it really tests a couple's relationship strength. ALong the way I see couples arguing on which way to go, I see couples helping each other out. It was a fun experience. Walk there from Manjanggul to get a 500won discount!
A fun maze for the kids
This maze is right next to the lava caves and it offers kids to burn up those excess energy by going through this maze and reaching to its end to ring the bell. There is also a small garden of flowers for the family photographers to indulge in
A fun and challenging attraction
We went as a family with young children (age 8-16) and they enjoyed this park. It has a few mazes to choose- all with a different configuration and theme. Just be careful to go in the maze when it's not too dark, or you just might get 'lost'! Overall, quite a fun and challenging adventure - especially for the kids!
Fun!
Wear sunscreen because this maze can take quite awhile to conquer!  I wouldn't advise trying to complete it during the middle of the day when there will be very little shade, because it can be quite hot while you are in the direct sunlight.There are restrooms, free parking, a small convenience store style snack shop, and a small picnic area under the trees near the parking area.  A fun stop.
Too much fun!
Whether you're with kids, friends, or a partner, this park is tons of fun for everyone. The best part is the race factor. Start at the entrance, and separate, racing for the finish. The end line is a set of stairs that lead you to a platform where you can see the rest of the maze. You ring a bell and your fellow racers know you have won. Such a blast. It's right next to the Manjangul Caves, so definitely combine these two sites. Don't miss it!
Fun for smaller Kids
Not bad but more suitable for young kids. We went there only cos it is next to the Manjanggul Cave which was close on the day we went.
Really like this place !
When we arrived i thought it looked boring, then u step in and u find lots of nice standees and "stations" for you to take selfies and wefies (they even set up the wefie stand for you) ! After you flood yrselves silly with pics, you can try the maze. Its interesting walking in and out and along the way you can look out for cats that are just chillin by the greenery. Overall a good experience especially for families !
Loved the idea
Jeju Kimnyoung Maze Park - What a bewitching idea, kids as well as families liked about touring here.
Good for kids
Its a good family activity, especially for kids. The 4yo in our group enjoyed this maze park alot. Not overly crowded.
Fun Activity for families, groups or couples!
The hedge maze is relatively small but really pretty. The atmosphere was relaxing and all the cats lazing around dozing are super cute. We took about 20 minutes to get out of the maze.Do watch out for HUGE spiders above your head. They spin their webs between the hedges. There are also huge ones in the toilets (saw one on the floor beside the seat). Eeks!!!
A good time for about 1.5 hours
If you like cats then this place is for you. There are about 20 cats roaming around the property. I am not a cat person at all but the cats did not bother me. They are friendly and stay out of the way of people. The maze was fun and somewhat challenging. I liked that they added a stamp feature (you had to find stamps on your journey) so it wasn't all about getting out. They are pretty chill here, so you could do the maze 1 million times if you wanted. If the parking lot is overflowing then I would recommend that you not go. The property isn't big enough for that many people. The positive is that there is a cave down the street you can visit as well. We didn't get to visit the cave because it was a public holiday. I would recommend that you go here, especially if you have kids. The value is not that high but most things on Jeju cost money. It is not a rip off.
Harder than it looks!
I went in without expecting much but the small maze is deceptively difficult. Clever design makes it a true maze unless you use the map. Also as a bonus, there are a ton of cats here so if you're a cat lover you're in luck.
Maze Park Madness!
It was really windy when we went, but it was still fun! There were so many cats! Great place to stretch your legs and get some fresh air.
Avoid to come here in rainy season
The maze park is suitable for photo-shoots, the beautiful alley filled with green-leaves and also stone-walls. There are 3 maze available in this place. The first one is the easiest one, round shaped, and we can have a shortcut just by going to the side way. The side way also makes us easier to travel through the second maze. The third maze is the hardest, where it doesn't have a shortcut, and we have to go through the map by ourselves. Interesting if we are travelling with our little ones. On my last trip here at the end of September 2015, it was raining so bad, the wind was also very strong. So avoid to come here when the weather forecast predicts the weather to be raining.
Great fun for a couples race!
Went there with my other half but we didn't do a race. Spent about half an hour there to figure out the maze. its actually pretty obvious from the mini map they gave you but we took on the challenge of not using the map at all. Recommended to do a race and first to the bell tower wins! Its a little pricey for just half and hour of fun though. Paid about 4-5k won each. Cat lovers will love it there as they have free roaming cats around the entrance :)
Cats!
So dont get this place confused with maze land.  This one is near the lava cave.  Here it has one maze only.  It would have been fun and peaceful but then 3 buses of middle school children arrived and all hell broke out.  Very hars to walk around it when a bunch of kids are running past you.  But the maze owners also have a bunch of cats that were super friendly.
Get lost and have fun!
Kimnyoung Maze Park is in the east of Jeju. We stayed in the West and we took a 30,000won tax to the place. The maze isn't very big but it was quite fun. Ditch the map and have fun getting lost. You see messages and signboards at different places and dead ends. The taxi driver offered to wait for us at the Maze without any cost while waiting as there's hardly any taxi in the area. And he drove us to our next destination (charging by metre). If you are planning to self drive, it is just right next to manjanggul cave. it is worth spending the 45mins to 1 hour in the maze.
Nice to Feel Like A Kid Again...
I visited here with several work colleagues.  We had a great time and laughed so much trying to make our way through this maze.  Built by a westerner and former professor over a number of years, the time, planning and care that went into making the park are all quite easy to see and appreciate.  It is beautiful there, very green and clean, and close to Manjang Caves, another iconic Jeju attraction.  Negotiating the maze took us about 45 minutes...longer than we thought...but we laughed our way through it.  Once you make it to the center, you can climb up to a platform and ring the "finder's bell."  Great for photo ops.  They also have some traditional Korean games just outside the end of the maze...fun to play if you never have.  At the snack bars, they offer delicious Jeju-brand ice-cream.  And as a BIG added bonus for my fellow cat-lovers, LOTS AND LOTS of mascot cats, belonging to the mazepark builder.  He is now a retired gentleman, known for his affinity for cats; journalists and business persons who go to meet with him in his office are likely to find both his desk and his person draped with one or more of his uniquely colored cats...black, orange, brown, white and grey.  A GREAT activity for families (although very young children may tire unless you take them in a stroller); couples; and colleagues...good team-building exercise:  Who can lead us OUT of here?  LOL  You'll enjoy it.
Fun Family Maze
A small but well built maze for family activities. Probably great for family outings or just to let the time flies. Can skip this if you are on a tight schedule.
FUN
Along with Go Carts and a hot air balloon ride, the Maze Park has enough to keep everyone busy and happy! The Maze is fun to watch people navigate from the hot air balloon. A great view of World Cup Stadium too!! This was a fun day!
Entertaining side attraction
Unique maze park where maps of the maze are provided.  If you follow the map, it will take you about 5 minutes to complete it.  But try it on your own, and you may take longer or get lost!!   Along the maze, the plant is high, so you can't see over into other areas.  There are three skywalks where you can stand and observe the entire maze and take pictures of it.  Fun for the entire family.
Such a blast!
I took my students on a field trip to the Maze Park. We had a blast! This would be perfect for couples, families, friends, anybody really! Highly recommended if you're in the area - so much fun!
If you have kids can go!
This location is nearby Manjanggul cave so if you have time specially have a kids, suggest you can visit, inside have some of Kids facilities and one more thing, there have a lot of FAT FAT Cat.
Cave trip add on
Lots of fun! Dozens of tame affectionate kitties greet you at the entrance. Cute kittens too! There is a toddler playground with toddler-sized shops play kitchens, jungle gym, rope course, teeter totter— al kid sized. Plenty of great spots for selfies of all kinds. The maze is very tall and take a good 15 minutes at full sprint to wind through and capture stamps on the way to ringing the bell. If you are feeling silly or have small a children with you, this is the spot!
Fun for the family
We planned this for the kids but the adults had fun too. When we arrived, we bought the tickets while the kids were busy with the numerous cats around the area. It turns out that this is also a place for cat lovers, this place is a mini cat world too. You can get cat food from the ticket counter to feed the cats.In the maze, the kids formed a team and raced with us, the parents. Each team had to find the stamps hidden around the maze and stamp on the paper given. First team to collect all 6 stamps and ring the bell to exit the maze wins.Upon exiting the maze, as we passed thru the ticket counter again, the lady manning the counter asked us to visit the gift shop to claim a free postcard.
A place for families & kids
I found this place very average. The design, the mazes and the whole layout is really nice but nothing else to be outlined, the museum was pretty poor and old. I think is the type of attraction to enjoy with your family and kids. The entrance fee is 9.000 won. If you are really truly into mazes, you’ll enjoy it, otherwise I will recommend a different attraction.
Lot of fun
Quite interesting maze. It took us a bit more time than expected to find the way out and it was funny. If you plan to take a brake in this area I would certainly recommend spend about hour to play in the maze.
Amazing cave
I walked to this maze without map lol I was absolutely lost !!! It had a lot of cats. so cute >< We had to find stamp about 6 or 8 and pump them to our map .
Fun & Enjoy
The admission ticketing is only 4,400 krw for adult. Fun and enjoy. There was a lot of cats there. Maybe cat lovers will love this park but for me is not. Its got bad smell and not too clean also. Better go to Maze Land which is 18km from there. Running Man also shoot there. Much adventure and very clean.
Fun!
One of the places we went for our company trip. From the youngest to the eldest enjoyed this place, it was a lot of fun! Probably need an hour to enjoy the main game and other little side games. The owner loves cats so there were so many cats hanging around, all healthy and adorable.
Maze Park
The maze park was a fun family event and we really enjoyed it. It was not overly hard so families with smaller kids can enjoy it as well.
reach here after Manjanggul cave
reach here after Manjanggul cave as sunny & good weather. it has some cats near around all of them were sleepy or lazily style. before went inside the maze. it has a small garden with some flowers. and the maze actually not to difficult or complex but good for take rest when you finished the game. it has shelter & you could buy a cold drink at there. ok to try if you got time.
Good value
The kids found this easier than we adults! At 3,300 for adults we found this good value.  The history behind this place was interesting.  Founded by an Aussie from WA who was the first foreigner to the area in the 80's.  He is still alive and has done much for the people of Jeju.  He obviously likes cats there's one lazing around every corner at the entrance!  It's a kids thing really but I'm glad I did it.  The guy on the door spoke quite good English and was very engaging.
STUCKED!
Lol went here with my friends and we both got lost in the maze 😂Very interesting place to explore! We were given a map and tried the route a few times before  my friend and I make a decision (worse thing ever) to separate ourselves going in from the entrance and one from e exit and meeting each other in the middle of the maze so to remember the route!We got lost (again) and we can't find each other as we left our wifi router in the hotel! So we spent 2 hours searching for each other! Time wasting? No I'd say. LOL good opportunity to put your friendship to test hahaha telepathy is the key 😂 However if you guys wanna try this out, be sure to set a time to meet at the exit or entrance to reduce the time waste or if your telepathy fails 😂
Interesting And Fun Place to Visit.
This is located in the eastern part of Jeju Island. Taxi fare is around 30KRW one way. The place is well maintained and lots of Cats running around the park.
Great time, fat cats
It's a new experience to us. It's great. Just walk inside the maze until you find the way. Maybe try and get help from your friends who have reached the tower. It's a great activity. Got some traditional games to play as well. There are lots of big fat cats at the ticketing counter. So cute, so fluffy.
Anniversary Vacation
Ok ok, to be honest...most of my rating is because of the seemingly endless cats that were here. I hadn't read any reviews of this place before going, I just thought it looked vaguely fun and was located right next yo Manjanggul Cave. Upon arriving, we noticed a couple of cats in the parking lot. I was so excited! When we got to the ticket booth, suddenly there were more cats! Directly beyond the booth is a small area with some handmade cat tower type things and some scratching posts. There were maybe around 15 cats in this area. I would estimate more than half of our time here was spent watching and petting the cats. The maze itself was fun. It was better if you ignored the map, I think. I think more people go here for kids, but if you're a cat lover, go!
Fun Activities
Navigating the hedge maze and labyrinth was an enjoyable activity. I think it is more fun to not use the map given to you, but it will take longer. The "museum" doesn't offer much more than a few puzzles. It cost ￦9,000 per person.
It was fun
The maze was fun and challenging (If you don't use the map they hand out in the entrance). The entrance fee of 3300W was fair, but I hoped there would be more activities than just the maze.
Fun and interesting maze
Great place for photos. Maze is not huge but is fun to run about. You can get to the finishing point in 5 mins by studying the map.
Fun
Had a lot fun going through this maze. Don't use the map because it will spoil the experience. We kept on running into the other tourists that had the same look on their faces because we couldnt find the exit. But you could tell they were also having fun no translation needed. Took us about 45 minutes to finish the maze. Only problem was getting there. The nearest bus stop is a bit far and taxis are few and far in between.We took a cab going to the bus stop and planned on splitting the cab fare with other tourists. Turns out the driver wasnt using the meter and asked us to pay 2000 won each. We didn't argue too much with the driver because we were trying to catch the bus plus he didnt speak English. Just be careful because this might also happen to you. This was the only bad experience we had in Jeju (the cab ride, not the maze).
Average as compared to other attractions
Didn't think there was anything special about this as compared to other jeju attractions. Mainly a maze which could be completed in an hour, then u ring the bell at the top before making your way out. The kids would probably like that, I saw quite a number of teenagers and families with young children.
Interesting to get lost
went there with my sister joining a local tour and met some new friends. strongly suggest NOT doing it alone... would be soooooooooo boring, but with someone else you can fight on which way to go.Learn more about your sense of direction,bring pen for easy remembering which way did you go.
Cute but go with a friend
I went to the maze park on a hot and rainy day so it was a little frustrating going through the maze in the rain with my umbrella :( But the maze itself was pretty cool. There is a bridge in the middle you can go up to, to see where you are and how to guide yourself out. Took me about 30mins to get through it. There are tons of cats who live there in the maze too which is cute :)
Have fun!
Maze park is an unique park than consists of two maze. You can play inside the maze and your friend can stand at the station to guide you. The view is nice and there is a mini museum for the maze. Try to spend more time in this park estimated 2hours.
Very fun!
I had always wanted to go to a maze park, and finally I did in jeju :) it was a small maze but enough to make us excited to find our way out. The entrance fee is 33,000 won for adult. In front of the entrance, there were lots of cats and quite tame too.
Not bad!!!
Worth a visit if you've got nothing to do for a few hours,loads of cats running around,just a garden mazes nothing special
Fun!
I have always wanted to visit a maze.  This one was lots of fun.  Just when we thought we found our way out  we were at a dead end.  The Korean people who were actually at the end were up on the platform laughing at us and cheered when we arrived. No translation was needed.
Good fun
We went to this maze which was just beside the Manjang Caves. Weather was terribly cold with hail and rain and strong winds. Still 6 of us (2 adults and 4 kids) braved all that. It was great fun though we got lost a few times. There are many cats in the vicinity, kept by the people who man the place. Poor cats, all huddled up in the cold.
Challenging!
We visited this place after our tour of Manjanggol and navigated the maze.  It is quite challenging with its many twists and turns and you cannot see the other people becasue the maze is high.  We had to study the map given and we were able to reach the finish line and ring the bell under 10 minutes.  This is a fun place.
On the Way to Lava Tubes Cheap and Fun
After visiting the lava tubes we got to try out the maze park.  A fun way to spend a half hour and the site of many k-dramas and korean commercials.  Romantic for a date and fun if you have kids.  We even got to ring the bell at the end!A fun excursion if you're walking to the lava tubes it's on the same road.
It's so amazing park
Who am I ?  Where am I ?Do you go to a maze to get stressed out?If it isn't fun, why go?If it's long and boring it's not a true maze!Enjoy the flow of a true maze experience!VERY VERY NICE Attraction.
Fun Time!
the maze is not that big, a few turns here and there & u can practically memorize the route already. nevertheless, quite challenging for first timer like me. ^^
Not claustrophobic but I got a little scared
This was an interesting experience. I am usually ok in small spaces and felt this would be a great thing to do. But once I was in the middle of the first maze I felt a little uneasy. They provide a map and the maze itself is pretty easy to do. You also hear people walking around, but just something about the possibility of making a wrong turn made me not want to do the second and third maze. But there are really cool towers and a museum where you can take amazing pictures. the museum is free, they have trick art and a puzzle art. Getting here was a little bit difficult. Ask around your previous destination at the bus stop perhaps some people are willing to share taxi with you. Since the bus that goes around this area takes almost 45 minutes. And once you get to your destination you sometimes still have to walk a while to get to where you want to.
Great fun and cats were a lovely surprise
We decided to pop over to the maze park as we were visiting mangajul lava tubes. We were greeted by a ten to fifteen cats basking in the shade. It seems like the owner loves cats. That was a great treat for my cat loving family. The maze itself was great fun and especially if you are in a group. Not very difficult but not as easy. We could easily go around with a stroller though there are a few steps. Has a small cafeteria for icecream and coffee. Overall great fun.
A little easy but lots of fun!
You're given a map at the beginning but it's much more fun to try and find your way without it! We got there pretty early so it wasn't very crowded. It didn't take us very long to walk through it but it was definitely worth the stop.
quick, easy, fun
quick, easy, enjoyable.  our kids enjoyed the challenge (age 7 & 10).  we attended early in the day and missed the numerous school groups.  a small event with a modest fee....a very nice stop before we headed to the lava tubes.
Fun, but easy
The maze was lots of fun and the hallabong ice cream at the end was really tasty.  You get a map to help you though, so we were able to complete the maze quickly and easily.  For more of a challenge don't use that map!
Maze
It´s close to the other attraction, some waterfalls I think, so we went there.For the maze, I give 7 out 10 points
Fun in the maze
Have fun getting lost in the maze! We didn't get lost because we got someone to lead the way for us! But if he didn't lead,I think must take ard an hour to find the exit!
Good place to have fun
The maze is quite nice and little bit confusing if didn't use map as guide line. You guys can start a game with friend who finish first and it's exciting.
Interesting But Spendy
I really did enjoy working my way through this maze. The entire area is beautifully put together and is the kind of place you just want to spend time in and enjoy. Unfortunately, uniqueness comes with a price. I thought nearly $5 per person was a little steep but it isn't every day you get to walk through a hedge maze. The maze itself is a lot of fun and is large enough to actually be a bit of a challenge. We met the owner and he is very friendly and interesting to talk to. I am glad we stopped here but, because of the price, I don't think I would do it again.
It's ok fun but don't go on a rainy day
I think it was unfortunate that it rained the day we went. The grounds were muddy. The kids were having fun. The adults were grumpy. Thankfully, we were prepared with umbrellas and raincoats. Still, the kids' shoes got all muddy and we had other places to go to after this. So, not the most pleasant of experiences. But to be fair, the maze is challenging enough to provide good fun for about an hour or so.
Great activity for some family bonding
Kimnyoung Maze Park is just beside the Manjang Cave, so I recommended a short 1hr stopover if you are heading to the cave.  Avoid the maze park on rainy days as the ground gets really muddy when it rains.
Fun and interesting maze
A fun and interesting maze to walk through. The map is a definitely must have or it will be challenging.
Maze
The maze is very fun to walk or run through.  We had a great time trying to navigate it.  I would definitely suggest trying to do it without the map.  That is part of the fun of it!
Fun, amazing and detoxifying!
This maze park is fun! I was amazed by the aroma of the cypress! It was really good and it's like a natural spa to detoxify your body! It was really funny that you keep walking and seeing the same person / family for 2-3 times. Hahaha, both kids and adult enjoyed it! The Korean couple whom arrived at the centre saw us keep turning around and gave us some hint! Even just with body language and point here n there. Then we gave the same hint to another Korean old folks group. It's really an good experience and shouldn't be missed! It's just few mins away from Manjunggul Cave.Ring the Bell hard if you made it to the centre!
So much fun!
My boyfriend and I were excited to visit the Maze Park and it really did not disappoint! The maze itself was really good and it took us an embarrassingly long time to finish, :-) This is really for people of all ages! Everybody was laughing and having such a good time that the whole atmosphere was so nice. The workers were very nice, and one man who I assume is the manager had a wonderful conversation with us while we waited for the taxi they had called for us! His English is PERFECT and he can tell you all about his interesting travels. We were lucky enough to see Mr. Dustin himself, the owner. They have loads of cats inside and outside that are well taken care of. This was one of our favorite parts of Jeju! You definitely should go here!
Full of fun
We like this maze a lot as it's not that easy as you can think of. Several times we went to an dead end and travel around similar corners!! Some kids running around to be the first ringing the bell at the finish point. It's a place full of laughter and we enjoyed it very much!!
Great fun for group travel
Stop by this place right after visiting Manjang Cave. Since we were really walking was a good pit stop to grab some Korean snack.The main attraction is of course the maze itself. It look rather simple and there were a lot of family with young kids about so being a bunch of young adult we thought that this would literally be a walk in the park.We grab a map and the self appointed maze expert started to lead the way through the maze. Took some picture and had real fun arguing over the route with our "expert". The turns can be deceiving and hidden but our "expert" was so confident that nothing could stop, as he was so convince we were reaching the end. Just as we were the last turn we we were anticipating a finish line only to discover that we were back at the starting point! At that point it become a race who could exit the maze faster. It was so much fun racing among each other and when we ended up split from the "expert". It was really funny trying to contain our giggle when we found a breakthrough route so others would not realize our current position. All in all it was great fun with a good picture session when you reach the end on an elevated platform. Probably not suitable for individual traveler, elders and traveler looking for something more serene. For family with young kids and group of traveling friend this can be really fun. The appeal comes from the traveling group itself. My experience with the maze "expert" still makes good conversation on how not to solve a problemVisited February 2012
Maze fun with family and friends.
My friend had completed the maze shorter time by instinct and not following the map.  Me and my partner collected all the marking stamp but takes a longer time to end.  But it was a great fun. Worth visit!
Fun activity for the whole family
Fun activity to warm up and dry off after  visiting the lava caves. The perimeter hedge symbolises the coastline of Jeju and care has been taken to maintain the maze as close to nature as possible. Shouldn't take more than 20 minutes to complete.
Loved it
Actually pretty fun to race your friends and see who locates the end (bell) first. Cute cats with free cat food too. Just request it at the gate.
Beautiful maze and garden!
This is a very lovely maze park with a beautiful garden! We absolutely enjoyed the hour we spent here. The garden is well kept and we were given little bags of cat food to feed the 40 cats scattered throughout the garden.
Good bonding time with family
It is interesting of the maze and provide bonding time with family when try to explore our way out of the maze.
Interesting Maze
Being adults and have been busy over the years, we truly enjoyed walking 'lost' in the maze.  We reached the place quite late and we were trying to get out of the maze asap.  Enjoyed the cool weather to search for the exit.  Managed to ring the bell just before closing time.
Good family outdoor park with nice children's playground
This is the kind of park where family with young children will enjoy at least half a day here. The maze is not that simple to fulfill from start to finish, but its a good practice of what a tram work means to the kids and how they should appreciate good team performance. Before and after the entrance of the park, there are scenic attractions where phototaking venues and selfie booth are made available. With kuds runnung around and getting more attracted to the children's playground which I think is a very well thought strategy and well kept, it is hard for parents to concentrate and take a decent picture although the scenery and amenities are so tempting to be utilised.
Complicated maze
The maze is not small and quite complicated even with the use of the map provided. Can be quite fun for the children. There are many nice spots to take pictures as the whole place is full of trees and shrubs and flower.
SO MUCH FUN
I'm having so much fun here since maybe this is my very first maze park ever. There are many spot to take a picture and also there's a little forest near this place.
A bit small but still fun
We had good time playing in this maze. It is well-maintained the owner/ caretaker is accommodating and they also have several cats who will welcome and waiting to be cuddled.
Fun!!!!
We had fun at this maze park! Seemed easy but not! My son and I had a good time trying to figure the maze out! Kids will definitely enjoy! Lovely place for good exercise too!
Fun activity for Kids
We went with 3 children (aged 5,7 and 10) and two seniors, and they enjoyed the maze park. It was a smaller maze park compared to maze land, so it's not too difficult for kids. We spilt into two groups, one group managed to find out way out and rang the bell in 5 mins, while the other got lost in the maze and required rescue.  We spent about an hour or so, going through the maze thrice, and it was a fun experience.
My kids loved it
Just next to Manjanggul caves. Good place to go after your kids get bored of seeing lava formations. Tickets are around $3 SGD per person, not very expensive and some adventure for the kids too.
Fun!
The maze was fun. The goal was to find and ring the bell that was located at the exit point. There were 6 stamps to collect in the maze, which added the fun factor. It was well maintained, with funny signs and posts here and there. I loved the pretty flowers in the garden and in the parking area.
Fun with maze and cats
Amazing maze. You could either stuck for 1hour or complete it in 15minutes like me. Cute and adorable cats. Beautiful flowers and scenery. Admission is quite pricey.
Loved it!!
We had a blast! We made a competition between the girls and boys and took off! My 9 and 7 yr old loved it and the hubby and I had a great time as well. We had our 6mth old in a stroller and had no issues. We did have to carry him up a few steps to ring the bell but is wasn't a huge deal. It took us roughly 35 minutes to finish. Loved it! Oh, and the girls won 😊
Unleashing the kid in me
After my Manjanggul Cave "expedition" and since the park is just along the way back, I took the chance to see what's the place could offer. I paid KW 2800 for an entrance (I have read reviews that some paid more than the cost, maybe the cost vary by seasons, not really sure). The maze can be finished roughly 10-15 mins, yet completed the maze roughly 30 mins hahaha. I just enjoyed messing around. Didn't really paid attention to the map and it's goal to ring the bell. The maze is good for family to enjoy.
Maybe exciting for young children but too simple and boring for adult.
My friends and I found the maze boring...Not challenging enough for adult. Nonetheless, a group of children who happens to be there seems to be enjoying themselves.
Great for young people tiring for old people
We loved it but it was super hot, more suitable for fall winter and spring.I don't advice it in the summer.Visited in Summer of 2015
fun walk with my kid
fun for the kid to run about the maze to try and reach the golden bell... there are cats at the entrance and around.... beautifully groomed
Fun
There are 3 levels for the visitors to try. The first one is the easiest before you are engaged in a more challenging maze. It is fun if you have 2 groups of children/ people visiting this place. Not only that they can help their group members to find their way, the competition between the 2 groups makes it more exciting. Finally, the 3rd maze is the most difficult but you will have no problem. There is a clue/ help (you will see, it is a secret here) when you really need it. I think, the children managed all 3 maze puzzles in 1 hour.
Fun for kids
Nearby the lava cave so we stopped by. The size of maze is smaller than expected but good enough for young kids. There's plenty of cats outside the maze entrance which my girl loves.
Love this place
Located next to Manjanggul Cave (a must-visit site), this park is great to let loose your inner child. If you have plenty of time and want to challenge yourself, go in without using the map! Remember to ring the bell when you have navigated through successfully and don't forget to collect all 6 stamps in the maze!
2 hour visit
Nice walk activity suitable for young and elderly. Cats there very friendly . Nice activity for family to challenge to get out of maze to Ring the bell at the end point
Just for Fun
You pass the Maze Park when you head towards the Lava Cave. My mum and I went to the park after the cave on our way back up to the main road to catch the bus. It was a fun way to kill some time.
A-Maze-ing fun!
This was a great way to spend an hour!  It would have been more fun had I been able to navigate alone.  My friend was not interested in using the map and just wanted to finish for the photo op as quickly as possible.  We did go back into the maze to each of the six stations and stamped our cards.
Interesting fun place for children
Fun...but not ONE that you would go all out to do it. Some of us manage to complete and ring the bell in 30mins other do got lost if not good at reading maps. The maze is lacking in maintenance. The checkpoints do not correspond with the maps and the chops has no inks disappointing the children. If you are a cat lover it is a interesting place. We visit the maze on the way to Manjanggul Lava Tube.
Maze with fun
It was a small park with a maze inside. We were lucky to find the exit on the bridge in 8 minutes and we enjoyed some ice-cream in the small souvenir shop while waiting the rest of group to come out.  This maze would be fun for children.
Have fun with your friends and family
Although the area seems small, but quite interesting. It took 30 minutes for us to find out the way out and we had great fun with lots of pictures. Well recommended for visiting.
Fun for the family.
We spent may be half an hour here and had a good time. The maze is very pretty and you don't see mazes made from trees in the US any more, so this was a treat. The mazes were not difficult, but can be confusing. The admission was quite reasonable, so I do recommend this place if your family is into mazes. Oh, there were a lot of cats roaming the ground and made good subjects for photos.
This is ONE fun place for families and friends alike
This is not really part of our tour in Jeju but since I researched on how to enjoy the tour with 30+ friends, I chanced upon this garden maze near Manjanggul lava tubes site (as in 500m away only).I really recommend this to friends and families who'd like to solve a mystery together and have fun doing it. The price in finishing the maze is a banner and the right to be the first to ring the bell.Please try the ice cream at the exit. You'll enjoy it after an exhilirating yet fun game (30 minutes estimated)
Fun, but not worth the money
It was fun to do, but I would spend my time doing other things on the island. Kind of dull, kids did not enjoy either
Dont do it
I mean it's not incredibly bad and not really expensive but compared to the other cool stuff you can do in Jeju it kind of sucks.The hedges are skimpy (not full and luscious as shown in the pictures) and you have lots of spiders above you.And the cats look bored.When in Jeju, you're better off sticking to the natural wonders of the island! We have to say the staff were very friendly though, and the other visitors seemed to be enjoying themselves.
It's good but not as expected
There is only 1 main maze park that separate into left and right wing. However, the maze park is not as big as expected. You will need to walk through the park and follow your "six sense" in order to reached the destination and ring the bell to prove that you have walk out from the maze. ;)
Fun but...
I love mazes but I think the fun is removed by giving people a map at the start. Everyone was just following the map and walking out eliminating the fun of getting lost. However this is more of a tribute to mazes and showcases maze types and structure and less about getting lost. The museum also had some cool old board games and mind testers to look at.
Fun time and got lost in the maze!
Had a great time to find my way out of the maze!!! The owner of this place, has cats family! They are friendly cats of black and white fur with spots!
Interesting and Relaxing
The theme is good and it is very funny and interesting. Although we arrived the entrance at 18:00, we were able to complete the adventure within half an hour. Highly recommend for you especially with kids.
Good fun!
Despite the reviews saying that they could solve it quickly, I failed 3 times 😭😭😭But I had fun taking in the nature and smelling the sweet pine trees. There are many cats hanging around the place too. They are really fat, friendly, lazed around for a pat or a cuddle. A relaxing place for fun with the young at heart and children.
kimnyoung maze park
Do visit this place along your way to or after manjanggul. Great fun for family. We managed to reah the bell in  <30mins. Also great for cat lovers cos there are really many of them here n soooo adorable n friendly. 1km frm manjanggul stn
Maze was good but horse riding was too short
Me and husband bought the maze + horse riding package. We were supposed to get a 5 minutes horse riding tour but it was about 3. Not worth the money I think. But the maze itself was fun! Many spots to take pictures but the place is a little run down. If you are in the area it's worth the visit!
Fun
It was along the way to Manjanggul Cave. As we had missed the bus 990 which could take us to the Cave, we had to walk the 2.5km way. About 1.4km's walk, we came to the Gimnyeong Maze Park. It was a fun place even for adults. We did not follow the map so that it would be exciting. Indeed it was, and the more lost we were, the more exciting it got.
If you have one hour to kill...
We didn't know what we could do with that one hour before sunset, so we decided to relive our childhood by going to this maze park. We completed the maze in slightly less than an hour. But boyfriend wanted to have some more fun by collecting all the ink stamps at various points in the maze, so he attempted the maze again and he got himself lost in the park while I waited for him at the elevated finishing point. It was fun. For children, if they managed to collect all the stamps, they will give a small gift from the park. We got a KimYoung Maze Park pen although we are not children :x The lady was nice. haha :)
Interesting Things to Do with Limited Time
It's a stone throw away from the Lava Tube. There are a lot of cats lying around the park. The maze is quite easy but to collect all the stamp to accomplish the mission, it takes more time. However, the grass/plant at the maze seem not well taken care as you can see a lot of holes along the plant fences of the maze.
Have Fun with Friends
The maze is closely located to Manjanggul cave.The entrance fee is KRW3,300. The entrance is fill of cute cats.The maze is constructed by high and neatly-trimmed bush walls.It is not too large.There is an observation decks/bridge. From here you can clearly see path.As we're running out of time, we use the map to solve the maze.It took us 8 min to ring the victory bell.
Interesting maze
I came visit here because it was featured in one of the episode in running man... The maze is quite interesting to solve..
Good fun for kids and couples
This is a nice maze park, and is suitably quite tricky to find the middle.   When you find it you ring the bell!
A good place to spend some time.
This is the place where Running Man shooting happened previously. Nice place to spend some time but it will be time consuming.Didn't manage to play the maze. But I'm like facade of the design of this park. And it is chilling too!
Good place for family
I visited in maze park last week with my family. The park is not big but you can enjoy the maze enough. It took about 1 hour to find exit for me but other people took 30~40 minutes. I recommend not to use map for more fun. You can also see the beautiful flowers and meet lots of cats. If you could find Dr. Dustin who made the park, ask him to take a picture together. He like that :).
Fun and nice place!
A very lovely place to have some fun with your friends and family, also a very nice place to take lots of pictures. But beware, do not buy your ticket online such as jejupass as they were not recognise in this place. We have to meet the director of the maze to solve this, and thank god she was such a warm person, she let us in for free even though she did not know about jejupass. Highly recommended place in jeju!
Good fun for kids!
Nice safe fun. Maze and some games. A little garden of flowers and plenty of cats in an enclosure of sorts.Spent about 30-45mins there.
Not a very huge maze as we had expected
We were told by our guide that it takes at least half an hour to complete the maze. It was a piece of cake for us as we only took 12 minutes to walked out of the maze.
An interesting place
An interesting place if you have lots of time on hand to play with the maze. It's a nice place to take some photos too (:For full review: http://wanderer.summeree.com/travel/korea/jeju/gimnyeong-maze-park/
Simple and fun
It was relatively easy to find this place from the highway we took. It boast a simple and beautiful maze. It wouldn't take more than 15 mins to complete it. Definitely a place to visit!
Simple maze, but good fun!
Was a good place to just run about and have fun! Do try not to look at the map while navigating though, just run around to get some exercise!
fun
This is not a big deal but it is fun. If you are sightseeing on the island this is a quick fun thing to do.
Wow a hedge maze.
I had never been in a hedge maze in my life (because of the movie with Jack Nicholson called The Shining) but I had fun!
Fun Experience!
This park situated about 30 minutes drive from Jeju-si. Me and my husband spend about 1 hour at the park but we failed to ring the bell. We arrived late in the evening so we couldn't spend more time there since it was getting dark.
Must go
Fun and exciting. Go through once without the map and get lost. Then try the second time with the map. Finally, the challenge starts. Go individual or in teams. Shouting and screaming and laughter will fill up the maze.
running man maze
Those who love running man or like adventure can try the maze. Get lost in the crazy maze but get rewarded at the end with beutiful green scenery
Fun for kids
We visited the maze after Manjanggol Lava Tubes, which is just less than 1 km away. It fun for the kids. We managed to get out within 10 minutes :)
Closest thing to an American Fall activity
Second time visiting the maze. The kids loved the maze as did the adults. We broke up into single groups to try to time each other on who can get through the maze the fastest. this would only work on a non-crowded day! Ran through the maze a few times to beat each other's time and then broke into groups (kids vs adults) to see who could get through the fastest. Great time in the fall, as it is a reminder of the corn mazes in the states.
Interesting labyrynth
The place is amazing. The labyrynth is bif and intersting for all ages, had very good time, in spite of rainy weather
Absolutely great fun
We got lost so we had to find our way, I did not expect it to be so funny))) we liked the experience. The weather was sunny, so the photos were great
Solvable in 15 minutes. :)
When you enter, they will give a map of the whole maze so you can track where you are. It seems difficult, but it can be solved in 15 minutes or even less. However, there are areas within the maze that could use improvement, because some of the hedges are already withering out.
Fun!!
This was fun to do and a bit tricky as well,we got out of the 3 mazes in about 1hr15mins...fun for both adults and kids.
Great adventure and fun to get lost in there!
Get lost in the mazes and have fun exploring your way out. Great for everyone. This is the maze park featured by the Running Man. There are 3 mazes in this park, two with grassy walls which is for beginner and intermediate maze solver. The longest stone maze measures about 5.3km in length and it is for the advance players. If you get lost, you can get stuck there for more than an hour.
decent fun
can be quite fun, go there and compete with family and friends on who can be the fastest to make it out of there. Did it in 9 mins :)
Fun way to spend your time!
Went there after the manjang cave. It is very near. About less than 5 mins drive away. Admission: 2000 wonOur taxi driver went in with us and walked us through the maze amazingly fast! Actually there is a some hints along the way and arrows to point you to the correct direction if you can find it :DA fun way to spend your time if you are coming here in groups :)
Fun break after all the serious geographical sights in Jeju
I think this will be a fun experience for the family especially with small kids. I am not young anymore but it was rather interesting and fun for me as well. Not as easy as I thought and it took me 30mins to navigate through...for price of 3300won, it is a pretty economical way to spend a few light hearted hours after all the serious geographical sights in Jeju.
Fun and Well Made!
I didn't really know what to expect when friends said we were going to a maze. I thought it might be small and easy to navigate but I was surprised by how challenging the maze really was. We teamed up boys against girls and the most fun was getting up on the bridges over the maze to see where the other group was!
enjoy the maze on the way from Mangjang cave
a very friendly owner who is a famous personality on Jeju, the area has nice nature surroundings with nice cats:) close to Mangjang cave, don't confuse the location, there are several other mazes on Jeju as well:)
Great fun for all ages!
Did it once with the SO, and then a second time as a race against each other. I saw a group of guys doing the maze with money on the line, if you want to make it more interesting.Also, there are loads of cats near the ticket office, if you're into that.
Maze good for kids!
After being in the cave, this is a good way to warm your body under the sun (well, at least during this season).So, it took 10 minutes to work out the right direction with the map, then we tried without the map and again it was ten minutes, then we left our 5 years old daughter to find the way out...still 10 minutes.I cannot define it challenging but fun for sure and super-rewarding to see your kid beaming with light every time she play the bell!Definitely worth combining cave and maze!
Spend some time getting lost!
Looking for something different when touring through Jeju? Then this is a nice alternative. Manicured gardens with stunning hydrangeas abound in this most peaceful setting. Taking about 30-40 minutes to complete, it's an enjoyable time to try and navigate through the maze without a GPS! There's a shop (there's always a shop!) compete with souvenirs, drinks and ice creams - and there's a quite spot to sit and soak up the peaceful atmosphere. Enjoy!
Great fun.....beautiful and challenging maze
My 10-year old and I had a great fun at the maze.  The maze layout is challenging.  The garden  is beautiful and well-maintained.  It is worth going and it is near to the Manjang cave anyway.
Pretty Small
from the map I thought this would be a lot bigger but it's pretty quick. And they give you a map--which I could not help looking at which took all the fun out!Beautiful garden before you go into the maze though.Discount for walking there.
aMAZing!
a fun place to go in jeju. there are 3 mazes at the park and the grandfather maze is the slightly challenging one. a good place to go with friends and families!
Navigation test
We divided into 2 teams, my brother teamed up with mom, while my little nephew teamed up with me. So 2 teams started at different starting points & then compete to finish point. As I can see the bell (finish point) at the centre of the maze, my nephew & I finished it in less than 5 mnt. While my brother & mom took just a little longer. It was good for a quick fun though.
Took me 30 min out
I was at an average and took me 30 min to get to the bell. Took over an hour for my friend and I had to wait for her in the cold.
Fun if you're in the area
It's a hedge maze straight out of the movies, except with nothing popping up to scare you. It is only the hedge.  It takes about 20 minutes to find your way out and costs 3,300 for an adult. It's 500m down the road from Manjanggul cave, so if you're going to the cave you could stop by, but not worth the trip otherwise.
