Nah, don't bother
Haha worst museum i have ever visited. For non-Korean speakers, 95% of the displays are in Hangul, 한글. The museum is comprised of 3-4 large rooms of tacky semi-chocolate related items, the chcolate displayed is random chocolate primarily bought from Korean supermarkets... some are just empty boxes. The owner seems to be a Liverpool F.C. fan and for some odd reason there was a compilation of Gerrard goals and a signed England shirt; easily the best part.
Best chocolate since Switzerland
The chocolate museum was a highlight of our Jeju trip in 2020, the fresh chocolate made by the resident chocolatier is a real treat. Be aware that not only the quality, but also the price of the chocolate is on an international level, with a decent-sized box going for some 30 dollars. But for buying three boxes, we got three tickets for a chocolate making workshop, which was greatly enjoyed by the kids.We will come again, if only to get some memorable treats. The museum itself is informative, but don't expect too much.
Terrible
Total waste of money (6000 for adults). Tragically outdated, tacky, uninteresting. Not much focus on actual chocolate - we were expecting samples, exciting cafe, lots of choice to buy from. There is none of this. Shop super overpriced. Don’t waste your time.
Waste of time
I wanted to rip my eyes out. Don't waste your time. It also smells like faeces because of the pork factory next door.
Not much to do & pretty small for museum
We just visited the chocolate museum as a family and it was a bit of a let down. The tickets were 6000 for adults (tickets for children in elementary I think were 4500?) and they gave us free Americano. There really wasn’t that much to see, and the place smelled funny. I think if you’re really interested in learning about the past of cacao and chocolate in Korea then this might be a fun place to visit, but if you don’t have much interest in that, it might be a waste of money.However they do offer chocolate making classes every hour for little kids under 13. So there were a lot of children there when we went. Might be a fun place to visit with children :)They also sell chocolate, and we tried a sample and it was pretty good and rich in quality. We also bought 3 bars of 70% cacao for 30,000. The original price was 36,000, but with the entree ticket you get a 6,000 discount.
Disappointed
Unfortunately the place described on the web sight was not to be seen. From the outside you have high hopes but once you enter you see that it is in disrepair and that the chocolate samples and even to purchase chocolate is not to be found and then over priced at best. When you buy your ticket the expected hot chocolate is a terrible cup of coffee. It’s really unfortunate because by going through it, you can see its potential but sadly it’s just not there.
Chocolate fun facts and history
This museum is not the easiest to find, located in an industrial type area. Upon entrance you receive a free sample of chocolate and a hot chocolate (not sure if this was offered due to the chilly, rainy weather, but it was definitely appreciated). Some interesting finds from around the world, historical facts, and treasures. There is an area where you may observe chocolate pieces being made for sale in the adjacent gift shop. Good stop for a rainy day on Jeju Island. Gift shop is a little pricey. Teenaged daughter loved it; teenaged son was bored.
Not that bad, its just better if you bring your children
Just a museum, you will read a lot of stuffs about chocolate history and process of making. First I thought everything inside the house made of chocolate, but you don't expect that for a cheap entrance fee. One of the highlight is the workshop, if you are planning to attend with your kids, better check the timing. We bought some souvenir too and their chocolate are great. I didn't give a higher rating due to following... 1.) They provide free drink, but it is a coffee, I think it would be nice if its a chocolate drink 2.) Some interesting areas (Cocoa garden and kitchen) are not accessible when we visit (not sure if there is a special arrangement for it). Overall, it is not that scam and most likely I will visit it again when I'm with the kids.
Meh...
Just your run of the mill chocolate "factory" museum. They have all the info about the Cacao bean and how to make chocolate, a gift shop to buy chocolate, and that's it. They have a little chocolate workshop for kids. And kids only which was kind of disappointing.It's great if you have kids but if you are going to just to go or with your boy/girlfriend or spouse I wouldn't. It's mediocre and offers the same info about chocolate you could learn by googling it.
Waste of time!
It's 3000won for adults and 2000won for kids. They give you a gift voucher equivalent to the entrance fee which you can use to offset purchases or the DIY chocolate making session (12,000won). You get a box of 10 chocolates at the end of the 15 min session. You have to wait another 15 min for chocolates to solidify. Other than the DIY session, there's really nothing worth looking at here.
Poor
Visited during a rainy day. Really not much to see but a large shop for purchasing chocolate with displays of chocolate from around the world. Lots of locally produced chocolate to purchase. It put in a half hour during the rain
Room for improvement
When I was planning my trip to Jeju, I found this museum has got half positive and half negative comments from travelers. Well … I decided to have a look by myself. When our car got near to the place, there was a strong smell. I was then told that there is a piggery farm nearby which stinks out the whole place. The ticket was not cheap but it included a cup of coffee plus a discount in the shop. The appearance of the building is interesting with an open courtyard. The first impression was not so bad.However when I got inside, it was quite disappointing. I think the management should consider a renovation, or at least a deep cleaning and some maintenance. I just felt I was in a dusty old weird mansion. Maybe those exhibits are precious and rare, but they are not well presented. For example, they put lots of chocolate boxes from all over the world in the same window display without proper descriptions. How can the people think that those boxes are precious when they are packed in a glass cabinet? The lighting on the second floor was horrible. The rooms were so dark adding horrific ambiance to the museum.
It was alright
We only went because it was raining and we needed some indoor attractions. We needed to occupy our young children (ages 9 and 4) so we decided to take a trip to the museum. It was much smaller than we had anticipated. Friendly staff who allowed us to trip some of the more unusual chocolates before we purchased them. We did find the same chocolates at E-Mart that was less expensive. The kids liked the chocolate school but we thought the kit was a bit overpriced as you could do the same thing in your kitchen.
If You're In The Area
If you're in the area, check it out.  It costs 4,000 Won to get in but they give you a coupon worth 3,000 Won to use in the gift shop.
Give it a pass
It's too far to make it worth your time. Suggest to skip and go to chocolate museums in Belgium or Germany, which are much much better. This doesn't cut it and exhibits feel a little neglected....The chocolates on sale are very expensive too. But I think the locals may find it an educational intro of chocolate for their children...
Don't go!
Went to visit this attraction even though I saw some negative reviews as I have planned some attractions based on region and this is some thing that I think the kids would love to visit.Entrance fee is pricey at $5k won as there is practicably nothing much to see and do inside. After buying the tickets, the staff would give the adults coffee and kids chocolates. The display were very old, like it has been there for 3 or 4 decades and we felt uneasy as it looks dirty. There is a kitchen whereby apprentice showcase their skils on chocolate making. Wanted to buy some chocolates since we are there. But they dont seemed to be interested as the minimum sale item cost about $39k for a box of chocolates. Not worth my moneh and thus left empty handed. Adults ans children were disappointed.
Not really worth the trip
Entrance fee of KRW5,000 per adult which includes a huge cup of hot black coffee (I don't drink coffee and couldn't change it for a hot chocolate drink). The museum is located on one floor with various displays. Towards one end there's a glass concept kitchen where the various chocolates are made and a little further down, the chocolate shop. A box of 8-12 pieces could cost upwards of KRW13,000, and the lady was kind enough to let us try a dark chocolate which ended up quite yummy (not too sweet nor bitter, think it was a 60 or 70% one).
