Can experience in making chocolate and macaron
I do not like they indirectly force a visitor to buy their entrance ticket to the souvenir shop though the entrance ticket after that can get discount when you purchase any chocolate. It is small, but can experience in making chocolate or macaron. Their sample chocolate got black chocolate and white chocolate mixed together but in fact the class provide one color of chocolate to each participant. Thus, we cannot mix the color together as we got one color only. Overall, is normal place without any surprise for us. But there is a nearby local restaurant selling local food (abalone bimbap and etc) providing baby chair which I truly appreciate it.
For Chocolate Lovers
Full of Chocolates for you to taste and buy.  You can join the chocolate making class too with your family.
Maybe good for kids but not adults
The admission is cheap but boring. There is a chocolate making class but, I didn't do it. It was filled with kids.
Not much to see
We regretted going to this place. The entrance fee is 5,000 won and they give you a 3,000 coupon to use when you buy their products. There is nothing to see except display of chocolates from different countries which is available at a supermarket.  Really it is a waste of money and waste of time.
Don't go there
It is the worst place we have visited in whole Korea. The introduction of chocolate production is tiny and mostly in Korean only. We learned that Leibniz is a company of Russia and Kinder chocolate is coming from Asia. So it is not only tiny it has a lot of wrong information as well. After 10 minutes we have seen everything and left again.
Warning to travelers
This is not a bias assessment. I would be glad if the establishment owner would take in advise from visitor feedback. This is my first time to rate an establishment with such a low rating. It is a total rip-off as entrance fee is collected before cafe and store. There nothing impressive with the collection and exhibit area is extremely small. There is another fees impose for DIY chocolate making session. No educational value, no entertainment value. I would not recommend it to anyone.
中伏，traveller trap
for 6000won per a ticket for an adult, what you get is a coupon worthy of 3000won which u can use to buy chocolate at the shop...I still remember the first thing that the ticket officer told me was ... I could use the coupon to buy chocolate at the shop located at basement.What I feel so disappointed is that the so-called showroom only displays chocolates made in different shapes or figures. Also, what I can buy from the basement was chocolates from other countries. No Jeju features at all for both chocolates and display.This shop is a total disgrace to Korea.
Huge waste of time!
That is the first time I am rating a place terrible. To begin with there are only Korean introduction and description for all the items and collections displayed there. We all read Korean don't we?As stated in other reviews this place has zero content. I can easily find more chocolate related stuff in a convenience store that this so called chocolate land. Worse, the entry ticket is bundled with a purchase voucher of the chocolate items sold at the store in this place. Contradictory to the all Korean introductions and descriptions, the chocolate available in the store are all international brands. If you are looking for the experience of travelling to Korea to buy chocolate probably from your own country, there you go!
Waste of time
This is the most boring museum ever. They have some stuff made with chocolate but it's nothing nice. Also if you want to take the chocolate class you have to pay more.
Poorly managed. No content
It was located behind the mbc k-pop. The place was quite deserted. Nothing much to see.. you are given ₩3000 voucher each for a ₩3000 admission fee. Literally, this place is just encouraging you to shop at their shop.
A place to buy chocolates
There aren't a lot of stuff you can do here unless you join the chocolate making class which costs around 20,000won including the kit. The good thing is that the entry fee (3,000 won) may be used to purchase anything here. There's a small shop that sells ice cream here so it's a good place to rest.
Nice
Have choclate variety.Price is 3,000 for adult and 2,000 for childs.Choclate lab is amazing you can make choclate box by yourself.
Christmas comes early at the land of yummy chocs
As the Chocolate Land is within 10 minutes’ walk from the Teddy Bear Museum in the Jungmun Resort area – just follow the direction on the sign-posts – my family and I had no hesitation to visit it on a rainy Sunday.Getting there and fees: First and foremost, you have to note that Chocolate Land is different from Chocolate Museum. Chocolate Land is in the south central part of Jeju while Chocolate Museum is in the south west Jeju. We didn’t need the GPS coordinate/code for Chocolate Land but it’s 7381197 for anyone who’s driving there directly. The entrance fee for adults is 3000 won and 2000 won for children. A voucher was given back for every purchased ticket which can be redeemed at the gift shop or the café or the Chocolate School.The Museum/Attraction: After going past the ticketing counter, you then turn right. The section on the left is a café and photograph/selfie stops of different types of Korean houses and benches with toy bears. There’s even a figurine of Santa Claus in front of one house, which was interesting considering Christmas is still some 6 months away. The section on the right is the exhibits on the history of chocolates, with the words written only in Korean. We went down the stairways to the level below in which there’s a Chocolate School which teaches chocolate making at 120,000 won with lessons starting every hour from 10am to 6pm (I think the children would be more interested than adults). We didn’t go into the School; instead, we walked past M&M figurines and a Christmas tree (again interesting) and reached the chocolate shop where there are interesting exhibits of chocolates (behind glass) from America, Europe and Asia. The gift shop has an extensive selection of chocolates (I think slightly more than outside). The prices of the Jeju chocolates of the same brand at the gift shop were slightly more expensive compared to those selling outside Chocolate Land. However, the Chocolate Land chocolates became slightly cheaper than those outside when we utilised the discount vouchers. Unique local Jeju chocolates are those with pink cactus flowers, mandarin oranges and hallabong fillings. We couldn’t wait till Christmas…we ate some of the chocolates before we left Jeju, and these were yummy!There is a small observation area (Chocolate Garden) outside the building where the view looks towards the sea. There’s also a statue of Willy Wonka from the 1971 movie ‘Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory’ where you could take a photograph and selfie with. But we couldn’t go outside because it’s raining.I recommend visiting the Chocolate Land if you have the time and if you have an appreciation of chocolates. Otherwise, I think you wouldn’t miss much if you decide to skip it.
Just for Kids' Experience in Making Chocolate
The only value here I think is let the kids make their own chocolates.  It's a funny experience.  Apart from that, the display is a joke.  Anyway, the entrance fee is low and it doesn't matter much.
Wasn't terrible but wasn't great either
Cafe didn't have a Cafe Mocha?! Just chocolates inside museum boxes. If you don't have kids, skip it! If you go then the kids will enjoy the chocolate making...
Average
Interesting to see historic chocolate packaging, however, amount, quality and selection of display have reflected on cost of admission fee.Great souvenir shop in the basement!
Willy Wonka would be sad
"Museum" is the wrong term for this facility. It is more of a showcase of chocolate that the owners children may have learned to make. You pay 3000won per person which you technically "get back" if you purchase their price gouged chocolates or do their make your own chocolate class for 12, 000 won more. Save yourself the pain and buy some snickers and M&M's at the close by 7-11 instead.
Memorable experience with my family
It was a good experience to make chocolates with my family. Especially, my princesses really enjoyed it ! Pictures painted by chocolate was impressive to me !Overall, I strongly recommend to families with young kids as the process was simple and safe.
Tourist trap
First you pay a 3,000 won entrance fee, which you can use to get  a discount if you decide to buy any of their ridiculously overpriced chocolate. The "museum" is just a bunch of boxes and chocolate from some places around the world. That's all there is. The only other thing to do is make chocolate. You have to pay 12,000 won for that, 2,000 more if you want other colors like white or pink chocolate. So in summary, you pay 3,000 to get in so that you can pay more to make chocolate. If you skip this attraction, you wouldn't be missing much and saving yourself some money.
Not worth going. Nothing much to see.
The chocolates there are not exactly cheap. We found cheaper ones on sale by the tourist attractions. Not exactly worth paying 3,000won to see some choco display. Nothing really that impressive too. The 3,000 won entrance ticket can be used to redeem for drinks or offset chocolate purchases within the museum too.
This is not a museum.
Calling this place a museum is absolute fraud. The entrance fee is 3000 won which is returned to you in the form of a coupon for the cafe or gift shop - both of which are insanely overpriced. The 'displays' are ridiculous - chocolate gold coins, chocolate Easter eggs, Guylian seashell-shaped chocolates, posters of the film 'Chocolat,' a statue of Willy Wonka. It's almost as if the museum is teasing the West for its chocolate traditions - if it can even be called that. There is really nothing of interest in this museum. There is, however, a pretty nice view of the ocean to the rear of the museum.
Non-exclusive jeju, but break from everything else
The building is attached to the "jeju tourism" board (or something like that). It costs about 4 or 5,000 won to get in, then handed a coupon for a discount at the cafe or any of the products. The children enjoyed it as they got to make chocolate for 10,000 which included a take home mold. The museum isn't much to look at but just enough to make your mouth water. It is close enough to all the other activities in the area, if traveling with kids, this is a good "trade off" point to let them have some fun.
This place will con you. Don't bother entering.
First, there is nothing worth seeing in this place. The exhibits were not even interesting-think chocolates shaped after teddy bears and placed in display cabinets. Their ultimate objective is to lure you to their shop which sells chocolate that....can be bought all over Jeju island. They don't even make their own chocolate.Second, they are liars. The saleswoman introduced the jeju orange chocolates to me, gave me a sample to try and recommended the "best" tasting brand. I tried it and i did like it. She recommended getting the set of 5 small boxes (each box containing 8 pieces of chocolates) because it was more worth it than the bigger box which was going for the same price but had 2 pieces less. I bought the set of 5 small boxes. When I got back, i tried the chocolates. Guess what? They tasted like cheap imitation chocolates. Nothing like the sample she gave me. Worse, each box only had a MAXIMUM<- note, of 6 pieces of chocolates. In addition, the saleswoman had such a bad attitude after I said i would only get one set of 5 small boxes. This place is totally not worth the trip. You can get better chocolates even at the airport, at a cheaper price. Don't waste your time and money.🏬🎠
Best friendly staff in Jeju (English speaker available)
There wasn't much to look and read (all in Korean) but caring and friendly staff made our day.For one of the most visited city or area for foreign tourists, it's hard to believe that the most of the places do not have English speaking staff.We were having hard time finding good place to go and dine, recommendations by the staff at the Chocolate Land were very very helpful. Also, the chocolates we purchased with his help turned out very good.If you are in Jung Moon tour sector, need a little break for a free coffee (it's free with a coupon you get when you pay an admission) and some help from an English and Chinese speaking staffs.
Not much to see
It's 3000 Won to enter and it is mostly just a chocolate shop.  They do chocolate making classes, if you are interested, but that costs an additional 10,000 - 12,000 won (sorry, I am not sure about the exact price.  We asked, but  I don't remember).  You can use your entrance fee to purchase chocolate, but way not just buy chocolate somewhere else?
Terrible
There is no chocolate model, just Chocolate shop, don't think to go there. its poorest chocolate museum in the world.
Dropby just because it was raining...
We already know its gonna rain the whole day based on the weather forecast that's why we were in this area as it is full of museum...So... We run into this Choc Land after visiting the 'believe it or not museum' & teddy bear museum. Ermm, how to say, you can use part of the entrance ticket to buy chocolate here, and there were many cute & special chocolate displayed... But, that was it, no more no less. So... Unless you don't mind, you may dropby to buy some chocolate & snap some nice picture, rest a bit as there is not much people here. Else you may wanna consider stay longer in the Believe it or not Museum or even the Alive Museum :)
Skip It
It is hard to say anything good about this place.  Basically, it is a small chocolate gift shop that charges $3 a person to enter.  You receive a coupon good for $3 back on any purchase.  I suppose it is their way to ensure that you buy something.The only interesting thing was that they had these cookie balls that you smashed with a hammer to eat.
Dire - nothing here except the shop
What WERE they thinking of!  The "museum" is a few glass cases with examples of bars/boxes of chocolates.  The "factory" is a table where you can buy cooking chocolate and make your own.  The only good news is that your (HUGE) entrance fee is refunded in the way of a coupon to use at the (VERY OVERPRICED) chocolate shop.  There is NOTHING here.  It's AWFUL.Buy your choccies in the supermarket and give this place a wide berth.
More like a chocolate shop to purchase chocolates.
Visited it today but nothing interesting except for some chocolate goodies for sales. Rather disappointed to be honest.
Skip it!
Very disappointing. There were a few panels in the entrance hall that had information about chocolate and very poorly kept display boxes, but everything was only in Korean. Downstairs, you can see chocolate packages from different countries, but mostly ordinary products  that can be bought in Korean supermarkets. No effort was given to make a proper display with special chocolates. Plus, some chocolates were mislabeled under the wrong countries. There was a station where chocolates in bags could be squeezed into molds. I was not able to participate because the staff panicked when they saw a non-Korean face, despite the fact that I spoke Korean to them. Do yourself a favor and go in the convenience store across the road - there is a better display of chocolate there.
Only if you desperately want to buy some chocolate
Indeed a disappointing experience. Yes, this is just an excuse to get you to the gift shop, but at least they could have made the trip there interesting. The story of chocolate is among the most fascinating in the histories of commodities, but they made it a torture. You will see some exhibits on the history of chocolate, a few displays of old boxes and cases of chocolates, and some needless toy sculptures, but mostly a forgettable experience. You do have to pay a small amount and get a coupon for your chocolate or drink purchase. So, if you are desperate to eat some chocolate, or it's raining heavily outside, or you need quickly some air-conditioning, then give it a try; otherwise, enjoy Jeju's natural scenery and wonders instead.
Disappointing.
If you want to see a bunch of boxes of chocolate from all over the world, this is the place for you.  The 3000 won you pay to enter gives you a discount to what you can buy there so if you want to buy chocolate you won't feel ripped off, but you can buy the same chocolate in any gift shop for the same price. There are a lot of great places on Jeju. I wouldn't go out of your way to visit here.
Interesting place
Chocolate land, is an interesting place to visit, it is close to Teddy Bear museum, they charge 3000 won for enterance, & give you coupon for the same amount, so when you buy chocolates the amount is deducted. It consists of 2 floors, the lower level has workshop where I saw people experimenting with chocolates, I did not because the did not know english.They have exhibition where chocolates from all parts of the world shown.They have samples on both levels to taste & then decide which flavor to buy. The upper level has cubicles with history of chocolates, & nice statues made of chocolates.The upper level has coffee shop,where you can rest & have hot or cold drinks, icecream & chocolates.
