Great Convention Hall
Located 100m from Boo Young Hotel, you can just walk up. It;s a 5 level building slightly similar to HKCC in Wan Chai. There is a 7-11 convenient store but closes early. In house also a buffet restaurant, a bank and a Duty Free Supermarket where you have to pick up the perfumes, liquors and cigarettes at airport.
Not that special
It is big and really fun to hang, people come here with business, so not much to review. It is pretty cool.
Impressive facilities
This is a crown jewel for Jeju Island. Plenty of facilities and convention area. When I was there, a radiology convention packed the Center. A little bonus is a place where you can buy duty free items outside of the airport. Very convenient.
Big
It is not tourist attraction but great place for a conference, inside you have seven eleven and gift shop - I would advice this gift shop with nice sweets, tangerines and black garlic. Tangerines are the best from this Island!
Anice convention center
A nice and very big convention center with some shops and a very good restaurant which we visited. If you are around take visit. Not a must.
wow amazing
the facilities are excellent, very spacious, and comfortable.  staff great. out on it own with little to attract you and but great facility. not sure who supplied the food first night plenty to eat second night they ran out.  end of our evenings there was no where to book/order a cab so thank goodness the BooYung hotel assisted.
Superb Convention Centre and great event atmosphere
I participated in an event focusing on renewable energy and green growth at this superb convention centre. It is modern with meeting rooms upstairs having amazing almost panoramic view of the Jeju coastline.  It has large exhibition floor, with large conference rooms on the three floors, but also bilateral meetings rooms that are convenient and centrally located. The catering and banquets were simply exquisite with great Korean cuisine and the banquet room and service were just incredible.  I found it very convenient place for participating and networking.
Nice modern looking building
Drove by the convention center in jeju on our day tour in November 2016.  Located near the jungmann cliffs.  There are some restaurants which are a 5 minute drive away.  Lots of windows in the building.  Also, many palm trees adorn the grounds surrounding the convention center.  Our guide said it was a fairly new building in jeju.
Interesting building
From, this convention center, we could see the Hyatt and beautiful sea of Jeju. I heard this place has duty free shop but we didn't go inside the building.
Very huge cenvention center, 5 floors, many rooms, quite new
Located south of the island, in front of the see, easily accessible with the airport shuttle limousine. Plenty of space for organizing major events.
Spacious, efficient and has duty free shopping
The architecture of this conference centre is the first exciting and majestic comment on the centre. It has big conference rooms with the best facilities to host big events. I attended the international mercury conference here and the logistics of the venue provided us with a flawless event. There are also several fast food restaurants at the bottom level of the centre, with a duty free shop on the other side. It is a local attraction and the visitors seem to enjoy it too, since it was constantly busy. On the second floor is a curio shop for some gifts from Jeju.The airport limousine bus no 600 stops outside entrance of the venue, but there are local taxis frequently available to take you anywhere.
peaceful atmosphere
It is a must see place for a tourist to visit the area near to the convention center especially place near to the beach at the back side of convention center. The beach area with loan provide a haven like feeling for those who love peace. After being travelled around Jeju that place held at the top place among other places.
