It was famous due to the Korean drama All in
It was windy and cold the time I visit which was 1st of March 2018, this place was made famous by the Korean drama "All in " many years ago , scenery was so so only . The all in church turn into a candy  house .
Nothing amze
When we go the weather is not on our side. Lot of mist and can't see clearly from TOP. Bt it would be better if clear sky.
Graceful landscape
There is a long steep path in order to reach the lighthouse on top. But that shouldn’t be a problem as the scenery along the road is empowering your feet to work. In the middle of the path, there is a candy house like building. But unfortunately, it was reconstructing at that moment. So, I bought a chocolate ice cream beside the reconstruction to settle my unhappiness. The ice cream tastes unexpectedly good, it is rich in chocolate and smooth when I put it into my mouth. It takes about 10 minutes to reach the lighthouse, we took several pictures there, but no one is perfectly taken because of strong wind, our hair flowing like crazy, so we didn’t spend much time on the lighthouse.We took about 30 minutes there and didn’t have a chance to visit the building at that time, so I strongly recommend you to go there at autumn or spring and plan more than half an hour if you are deciding to visit there.
The church outlook is totally different from original
The outlook has been dressed up and over designed. It looks like a candy house rather than a church. It is quite disappointed especially when you have been walking from a long way out there in order to move closer to it but it does not give you any romantic feeling at all.
Coastal view
Walking along the coastal and climb up to the lighthouse is not a bad idea. Horse riding course nearby. Relaxing and enjoyed the cool wind blow .
Closed Down
There is a big signage in Korean at the entrance next to the ticketing booth which we didn't apprehend, but the window of the ticketing booth was blocked with wood and when we moved to the back of the premises, we found back doors not closed and things which seemed to be exhibits were scattered on the backyard.
loves this place
how lucky we are can reach this place at perfect time, a good weather and sunset. Enjoy every single of the land, peaceful. If I have more times I will stay here for couples day.The park was pretty enough, for couple or family, kids will fun here. they can ride horse or just running around the garden. very recommended to visit.
just the path outside
i didn't go into the house but only walked along the path outside. the sea view is beautiful and you can plan to go with some other attractions nearby
Coastal view but nothing much
To reach the place, need to walk along not properly paved route with long bushes, initially thought the guide had taken us to wrong place. Quiet place with nice coastal view. Unfortunately, we didn't manage to go to the church as there's sudden downpour, left us no choice but to end the visit. I saw horse carriage and shuttle bus service that can bring you around.
Coastal view
I decided to visit this place after reading some good reviews and was not disappointed. The coastal view is breathtaking and breathing in the sea breeze was relaxing. Other than the church nothing much else to see, but you can take some nice pictures here. Seongsan Sunrise peak is nearby so don't miss that too. Tried the barbecued cuttlefish that they were selling there and it was fresh and delicious.
Tickets from $7.50
What a peaceful and relaxing place!
We spent a half day here for a short walk. It was such a peaceful and relaxing place. You could see many coastal rocks and Udo. If you like, you could ride a horse to wander a while. You may also visit the lighthouse and the chapel nearby. This was one of must go tourist points in Jeju!
Good places for photo taking
Nothing much to do over there. You will only walk walk walk to look at the view. With the cooling wind and nice view. I made me feel very relax and the walk is enjoyable. I think it is a must visit place if you have not been here before.
Must visit
The view around the curch is really nice. I didn't go inside the church.The location near seongsan ilchubong.Make sure u visit two of them when u come to jeju
Beautiful
The house and church were korean drama set. It's easy to reach from parking lot and the scenery is beautiful. I think no need to enter the house/church, just enjoy the surroundings.
>> It would be a 4-5 if you are into Korean drama...<<
It is a nice short stroll from the parking lot to the church. For Korean drama lovers, I guess. I am not really into it. If you are short for time in Jeju, do give this a miss.
If you are a Kdrama fan...
It is quite nice to visit the grounds of this place. Lots of pictures (on cardboards!!) opportunities. But the walk along the trail itself is really quite nice. Great photo view of the sea as the background.
Good places for photo taking
I love the church in the all-in house. it is really beautiful and you would be able to have nice pic taking over there especially if you are a couple .This place is a MUSt if you are a huge korean fan. If you are not, skip this place
Nice coastline too
Being Australian, we had never heard of All In but were taken here on our tour. We didn't go into the museum but did walk by it along the coast track to the lighthouse. Scenery was very nice. This area is called Seopjikoji on the Jeju maps.
Tickets from $7.50
