So empty
I think we were the only ones there. All explanations in koreAn. Staff are so bored. Could have been made into an interesting experience for children. My son was bored.
Amazing experience
It’s fun about this place. Entrance fees 12,000 won per person. There’s is a show every hour about 15mins each show. But one thing need to highlight is, the explanation are all in Korean words. So for foreigner like us may have difficulties on understand the instructions on the activities. But so far I very enjoy. Is good for indoor visit especially during raining day.
Amazing place! Well worth a visit.
We went as a couple, not expecting much, but this place was really fun! Lots of little experiments to do with electricity, plasma, light. The "tesla coil music orchestra" was impressive... or did I just got high on the ozone? Even the arcade games upstairs were great.We ended up staying for more than 2 hours and left only because they were closing down.I only wish they put more effort into the English information/displays. There are little English summaries, but the Korean version always looked way more exhaustive.There also an "organic salad bar" and a black pork restaurant at the facility, but we didn't have time to visit.
Fun hands-on learning
We stopped by this museum at the end of a long day because my daughter, who loves science, was begging us to go. We were all pleasantly surprised. There were quite a few hands on displays like static balls, using bikes to light up a display, a few trick eye displays, plasma globes, and of course Tesla coils. The staff were incredibly friendly and although they didn't speak much English they went out of their way to show us around. The Tesla coil music show was quite cool - the coils were used to create different pitches and played both classical and modern music. It took about an hour to go through everything and cost ₩40000 for 2 adults and 2 kids. My kids loved it! Great hands on science.
Good education for child, and teenagers.
Go when it almost closed, but got a good experienced. Its better if use taxi or car because lil bit hard to find. Closed at 6pm, its better if museum provided more english explanation.
Super cool place!
I actually really enjoyed this museum although for me I'd like a little more English to read the displays but there were a lot of different activities to do for people to see how stuff really works it was pretty cool!
