Should just call this a night photo hill
Not much to see. Definitely not somewhere to learn about different herbs or flowers. Felt like a tacky photo shoot area - could be fun but only worthwhile in the night time for all the lights set up.Overall the price was not worth it for our group (especially in our raining there). The Cafe wasn't open either by 10ish (although sign says open at 8am). Our guide claimed that they had to open later today because the weather is cold and "therefore they need more time to warm up the herbs for tea.." which is absolutely ridiculous.100% skip this place if the weather isn't ideal.
Should visit if you just love flowers
Many diff types of flowers in all colors.  It's called Herb Garden, lots of Rosemary bushes, but no fragrance at all, what a shame.But the whole set up is really something that will not bring me back there again!!
Garden with LOVE
Herb hill located a bit far from town and we having bit hard time searching for the right place. If happen to drive there by urself just key in Herb Dongsan navigation will lead the way. The journey from Seogwipo to this place it’s approximately 40mins. There’s two different entrance fees charges which is day entry or night entry the charges is 3k differences. Day entry - 9am - 530pm (9000won per person) Night entry - 530pm onwards (12000won per person) Before you get into this lovely place, they you hand you a map of this place which stated 15 Mark points. The park is really good for photography, remember to get ur tripod with you if you travel alone or just couple. =) come in at day time go back at night time so you have two different view of pic. We arrive at 3pm but we told the lady that we wish to stay until 8pm. and they need us to paid 12000 per person. But I personally think that you can pay the day entry price and stay till late night becos no one is checking the ticket when going out from the park. (At least no one check mine ticket although I paid 12000, so your own risk ya. Just a small tips)
