Mystical Space
I visited the African Museum in Jeju Island.First, we could see the performances of people from Ghana.Traditional singing, dancing, and playing musical instruments created an exciting atmosphere.I could learn a little bit about their culture and tradition by listening to the explanation.In the African Museum, you can see sculptures and dolls of various animals living there.It was very fantnstic.It was also fun to take pictures together.If I visit Jeju Island again someday, I want to visit this place again.
Great Performance
Friend and I visited this museum on our first trip to Korea (while on the island of Jeju) and was pleasantly surprised by a great live performance of  traditional African dances and drum beats/riddim. The artifacts are also very interesting and place was so big (3 floors) that we didn’t have time to view everything.
Great for a 2 year old to learn animals
We took our 27 month old daughter here mostly because she was about to fall asleep on our bike ride and we didn't want to mess up her nap schedule. When you first walk in, they have a walk through of the animals of Africa. Our daughter had a ball naming the animals and learning new ones. We loved the learning experience she got while she stared bright eyed at all the big (and small) animals. She even loved the art and seeing all the different designs (although we admittedly had to go a bit faster than normal through the rest of the museum). For this being an unplanned stop, we were thrilled we did. What a nice addition to our vacation.
Normal Contents, and good performance
C1 ( 2016.07.14 ) I visited there for watching about Africa's culture, but the contents was not sufficient to me. The animal was made by doll, and the exhibits was just displayed without subject, I think. But the performance by Senegal's band was excellent. The music was very excited. If there was no performance, I could not award high marks.
An Unexpected Journey....A Delightful Destination
Exotic Jeju Island is known for many things:  the majestic Hallasan--the massive shield volcano that formed the island and the highest point in South Korea; its mandarin groves; persimmon-dyed galot fashions; the sturdy Jeju ma horses, descended from the ponies of Mongol invaders; tasty black pork; and the iconic haenyeo women divers.  But most visitors would not expect to find a Museum of African Art there.  And, it's pretty darn good!  Located in a massive structure modeled after the mud-brick Great Mosque of Djenne, the museum offers photo-ops galore in its Safari section, although the animals are of the stuffed variety.  Very popular with children and couples.  The upper floors house a respectable collection of African artifacts and photographs by Kim Jung Man.  There is also a great gift shop.  But, I have saved the best for last...the live performance of African folk music and dance.  The group, Zalia from Senegal, featured lots of drumming, and audience members also got a drumming lesson and a chance to play along on one song.  All in all, a quality experience...and a surprising one.
Something a little different...
The performance itself is worth the price of admission. Make sure you arrive before one of the three showtimes during the day. They provide drums and you can jam along with the performers. I find this satisfying when you have so many museums in area feigning novelty. So again, If you can get your toddlers away from the stuffed animals, then there is a rewarding human element waiting on the bottom floor.
