Another night market
Visited during a weekend and it is full of life. A lively market that sells local produce with a handful of restaurants within the market. Worth a short visit if you are around the area.
Just like most markets in Korea......
This market is small compared to many others in bigger Korean cities.Anyway, Seogwipo is just a small part of Jeju Island. Can't expect too much.However, the markets in Korea are all too familiar & very similar. In every city, you will never fail to find such markets - supposed it's a culture thing.
foods for muslim
Not that easy to find foods for muslim, but if you are not strict,the muslim-friendly will do for you if you ask around what theyre put inside.. i looked around the musling speaking person to guide me on this. This one kind Korean salesgirl helped me on this. ^^ so please dont be shy to ask around yaa..^^
Shop & Eat at this market!
The market gets busy after lunch and into the night around 9pm.  You can find all sorts of food options and souvenirs in this market...from street foods, to hand-made mochi, to yummy waffles, to restaurant food... There are many cosmetic stores around the market, where you can get cheap facial masks and reasonably priced "volcanic clay mask" jars - a must-purchase in Jeju!
Eatery Place
There is a lot of food at this market. From snacks to proper meal. You can buy fresh fruits and souvenirs at this market too. The market is 5 mins walking distance from Artstay hotel. Sashimi is also available at this market.
Not great
I went to Jeju after spending 6 days in Seoul. After Namdaemun, Myeondong, Hongdae and many undergeound shopping malls naturally Maeil Oleh Oleh did not excite me. Mainly targeting tourist business and restaurants amd stuff is not cheap there.
Good place to experience local market
This place is considered clean for a local market. Mixture of raw fresh food and cooked food stores. We came here at around 10am and a number of cooked food stores are already open. Nice experience walking around and eating street food along the way. There are benches around for you to sit and have your food. Market closes at 8.30pm.
Food Heaven
The street food stalls at night were awesome in the market.  However all the good one has long lines and slow moving as most of them are cooking in front of you.  Not knowing which one is the best, we choose to join the crowd and stand in line with others and skipped the other with short lines.  Parking is terrible even Google Maps shows many nearby parking lots.  We tried two separate lots and both were full.  Instead of waiting someone to pull out, I ended up parking on the side of nearby street and walked to the market.
Market with many fresh produckt
Market sell many jeju souvenir , fresh fruit from jeju special orange fruit a live seafoodMust try some local street food
Good for Food and Souvenir
There are a lot of food choices in the market, especially a lot of shops selling the Jeju oranges and Jeju orange juice. You can easily get souvenirs from the market. Most of the shop keepers can speak English/Mandarin. There is a free car park just 1 min on foot from the market, another one with charge right inside the market.
General grocery/ snack market
This place offers specialty items/ food of jeju. Vendors are cash only and they offer samples. There are snack stalls and a couple of restaurants inside.  One restaurant even have an English translation on it.
Interesting market
This market sell all sort of things from fresh seafood to chocolate. We bought those chocolate souvenier from here. There are many shops selling similar item.One can also buy various ready to eat food (street food kind) and there are restaurants too. One thing to take note is that dustbin is rare, so you may want to bring a plastic bag to throw your litter.
Did I miss something?
Just visited the market at 12 in the afternoon and felt quite underwhelmed. The market was quiet. There were stalls selling seafood, vegetables and fruits. The food alley wasn’t very happening. Tracked down the ahjuma that sold hallabong pancakes, after biting into it, it tasted so so. After hunting for lunch we walked past the market again and noticed more people. Perhaps we visited at the wrong time.
Everything you need here
They sell everything here from cooked food, raw food, pots and pans, clothes etc.The food like fried chicken and ttokpokki are a little bit on the expensive side compared to Seoul. Public buses are abundant so you don't have to take taxi all the time.
The Usual Korean Traditional Market
I have seen many Korean Markets in the course of my 18 days in korea. To be honest, no market have truly captured my attention. You can go to any traditional market in any state of S.K and you wouldn't be missing out. My advice for any Korean Traditional Market in general:- Go to any market that is decently sized that is convenient to travel to from your accomodation. - Take note that they do not have rubbish bins there most of the time and you'd have to return your trash to the store which you have bought the food from.  - Be very clear in the number of portions you order as I had a rather awful experience ordering one portion and receiving three person quantity since I had three people.- Go in the morning/day time since most markets will be closing shop by 6pm- The fishcake skewers and the broth are great to enjoy on a cold day. You grab a cup from the stall to get the broth and start eating the oden. Payment will come after you return the sticks to the owner.Lastly, enjoy yourselves in Korea. Learn some basic Korean before you come as you will definitely elevate your experience in Korea. Koreans will always treat you better if they see you making an effort to speak some Korean as all other countries.
Make a visit if you're on the east side
This large market is located on the East side of the island. You'll find a variety of places to eats, souvenirs, fresh produces, meats, seafood and variety of other things. It's where the locals to their shopping, as the super markets are small, so it's  one stop shopping. After taking a tour on that side of the island, its worth a visit to grab some fresh items if you're tired of eating out all the times, just make sure to bargain with the stall vendors.
Interesting to walk around
It’s very much a market for locals but interesting to walk around.  There are lots of colourful displays of fruit and vegetables.  Dried fish stalls are also common, as are live shellfish and fish tanks where you can choose your purchase.  It’s a bit smelly in parts, particularly around the meat stalls.
nice old market
we had so much fun in the market. "ajumas' were very friendly. we already ate alot in the market without spending lot of money. i really liked having korean rice sake
Find what you like in fun
A lot to see. So many kinds of fishes, live or cooked you name it they have it. Reasonable prices are helping you enjoy shopping more! Try street food too. You’ll love shopping and eating in there but parking is challenging! Very crowded!
Just a normal market
Nothing special on this market.. just normal market where u can go buy fresh food and fresh meat.. nothing much here..also things are not cheaper compared to other market.
Korean Street Food
Not a bad experience. But they typically sell repetition food from one end to the other. The place is clean too. Had a dinner in one of the fish sashimi restaurant, enjoyed very fresh fish sashimi at a reasonable price.
Enjoy their street food
Take this opportunity to eat “non-restaurant” food. Sample things like flambéd cream seafood (in crab shell), pork trotters, gimbap (Korean rice roll in seaweed), etc. For those driving there are a couple of public car parks nearby.
Traditional Market
Good place to visit to explore traditional Korean Market.  Here you can get wide variety of goodies including souvenirs, food items, even live tunas.
Avoid Sunday mornings
If you are looking for variety of street food for consumption, don’t go too early for breakfast. Strangely, I thought markets opens early, especially on weekends but I guess I was wrong. Otherwise, I returned in the evening to try out the street food and check out the varieties of fresh food.
Sashimi anyone?
Came here looking for lunch.  If u r not a fan of sashimi, stay away then.  The market primarily sold fresh seafood for the purpose of making sashimi.  Easy walking with lots of vendors selling a variety of food - primarily seafood.  There was one stall that sold braised pork trotters and very popular.  Do watch out for the myriad of vehicles though.  The walking paths and the roads does seem too integrated, sometimes forgetting that u were walking on the road already.
Good place
A place where I will always visit regardless which country I am travelling to. I can get my snacks here and some shopping for local products. Not that bad after all as the market is pretty clean compared to my country! LOL
Some shops are closed on Sundays?
Not all the shops are open when we arrived at 12pm. Do try the fried doughnut (500-1000won)!! There's a multi story carpark beside.
So so
Perhaps it was too early in the morning (0900) and the food stalls are just starting. Didn't end up eating any snacks which I originally was planning for breakfast.Nice authentic place for local marketing.
Exciting market place for live seafood and groceries
this is the place to go for food and shopping when at Seogwipo. The market is pretty huge to walk, see and experience the everyday routines of those worked there as well as the regular stream of tourists that makes the place crowded and noisy. if you stay around Seogwipo, chances is you will be there at least once or every evening for did or to pass time. take time to go around the entire interior with multiple lanes with as well as the outside shops. You might just find interesting things to see and get something you like.
2nd time here
The market consist of many raw seafood sellers, vegetables, till street food. The food inside were very tasty.  Its a must try
Interesting Peak of local life but not souve-worthy
So you get to this place and will be faced with mountains of oranges, pork knuckles and fish. Bet its the place to be if your mission is to get groceries or some local snacks.But if you want to buy souvenior, this place isn't really ideal as most stuff （oranges you can't take overseas, fishe neither;packed snacks are like what you can see all over the island ）seems a bit mass produced.The interesting to observe is that most shops are ran by one solo lady, only. They took a lot of hardship to get the business running .
Clean market and friendly Korean
What amazed us when we visited the market was the market was very organised and clean. The fish was swimming in the drainage under the bench. There were many sashimi restaurants and local food restaurant. The sellers (ahjuma and ahjeoshi) greeted us very well which made us felt very welcome. We bought the orange (halabong) fruit, juice and key chain souvenirs.
Place to find out local cultures and livelihood.
Lots of interesting stuff to see. Variety of Korean food and all sorts of seafood and local specialties.Won't be disappointed.
If u like to buy groceries then this is your place
I was pretty impressed the way things were packed and stored. Most of the seafoods were still alive, so at least know I was eating fresh seafoods, even though they were quite pricy.
Just okay
This is like any other market in Korea. Cheap shopping for clothes, bags, food and souvenirs. If haven't visited one of these markets, then I would go just to have the experience. Otherwise not a must see.
Not so crowded on weekdays
I like to be able to leisurely walk and browse through shops so going on a weekday was great for me. Less crowd especially after lunch. Lots of fresh produce. If you love sashimi, they have plenty more choices of shops to choose from compared to Dongmun. Found a nice bread sold by a lady, which I can't pinpoint which section I bought it from sorry! Can checkout from photo of how the bread looks like. Fried chicken was good too.
Local product.. lots of eateries stall (non muslim).. near to the main road
If you want to find a fresh local fruits such banana, strawberries and oranges, this is the place. Almost everyone here selling Jeju oranges, got many types and sizes of oranges. The prices is cheap or normal.
not so impressive
we have been to a number of such markets in korea/japan, and this was nothing new. the usual stalls selling food, produce, vegetables, dried foods, household items, textiles, souvenirs, etc.this market seemed to be pretty much smaller too only a couple of rows. couldnt see spending more than an hour here. good thing was that we didnt get harassed by stall owners every stall we walk past and the prices seemed reasonable too. bought snacks and small souvenirs here. also, it wasnt that crowded compared to some other markets
Pretty large local market
It was fun to walk thru but for the food products, much of the time I had no idea what anything was.   I especially liked the fresh fish vendors with the live fish, octopi, and shellfish in the tanks.   Quite a lot of fresh produce and clothing for sale as well.   If you haven’t been to a Korean market, it’s fun to spend maybe 1/2 hour going thru.
All the tit bits.. and really cheap
Went there last week on my trip to Jeju. Its a local market where you can find shopkeepers selling almost everything. From souvenirs to sea food. And stuff is pretty cheap too. Visit once to experience the local flavour and to collect some stuff to take back
Traditional food, sea food and fruit!
As we stayed nearby this market, we had been here everyday for our 2-day visit in Seogwipo. They sells lots of fresh food including fruits (tangerine & seasonal fruit), traditional food, snack and seafood. The general price is cheaper than in Seoul. We went here to have breakfast and back for dinner and to buy super delish strawberry.
Korean food
Seogwipo maeil olleh market sale many kind of seafood. So you can choose which one do you want. I've ever try kimbab, ttaebokki, and kimchi. They are very delicious. You can visit this place by bus
Street food, fruits and more
I really like this market as I manage to tasted my favourite Tteobboki and Odeng. There are plenty of street food offers. I also managed to bought a Hallabong and bought the Hallabong juice and the taste was indescribable. The strawberries were very big compare to our country size was average. The price range in this market was affordable and I highly recommended whoever go to Jeju must Visit this market.
It's good food
We stay nearby the market so our brunch will always be there. Price is affordable. Do must try the Kimchi bun, omelette with bacon, cabbage also spicy skewers. Definitely will go back
If you are staying in Seogwipo come here for some great local food
There's heaps to choose from, including the local speciality black pork, plus plenty of souvenirs and local produce too. Average meal price 5000krw. The pic is of one of my meals Chilli Jam Chicken.
Street food , fresh vegetables & fruits
We waze our way here and parked inside the car park located near the market . We had street food here eating roast black pork , famous nuts pancake which you have to line up , octopus shape pancake , crab croquet, strawberry 🍓. Jeju tangerine 🍊.
Highly recommended
Whenever I travel, I love visiting local markets to experience the culture and its food. This market has great street food to try, and my best was 오메기떡 (Omegi rice-cake) from 할머니떡집! You can also buy presents to bring home, and I heard from the locals that it is one of the cheapest places to buy local snacks.
Nice night market for snack
We visited this market twice during our 1 week stay. My elder 2 daughters loved the black pork there (5,000 won) while my vegan daughter loved the rice cakes coated with seeds (a packet of 6 cost 5,000 won). Our guesthouse manager helped us ordered the famous fried chicken ( must call and order in advance, 16,000 for 1 chicken) and it tasted very yummy indeed.
Traditional market and buy local products
This is the local traditional market. You can buy the local products here as souvenir such as keychain (Many designs of Dol hareubang), tangerines chocolates, tangerines tart and etc. Most of the stall owner didn't speak English but some can speak in Chinese. Multi level car park available here.
Local Market
Our guide brought us to the market to feel the local vibe.  Lots of food stalls, seafood, vegetables (super-sized mushrooms!), fruits (lots of tangerines) and fashion.  The vendors do not speak English, but the few we spoke to can quote prices in Mandarin.We spent about 40-60 min browsing the alleys.
Cold sunday visit
Its open even on a Sunday. The market is not very big but its sufficient to spend an hour eating there.
Vibrant and tidy marketplace
This market turned out to be much better than expected with lots of food options and stalls selling local produce. We could get most of all the local specialties that we wanted to try there. Strongly recommended.
All kinds of local food available!
This market is a place where all sorts of local produce and food is sold. There are countless food places where you can get all kinds of savoury snacks or even sit down for a meal. There are many visitors at this market, Korean visitors and foreign visitors, so expect that it will be a bit crowded. Food price is not very expensive and you can pick all kinds of food you want to try. My family members were not big fans of eating snacks to fill up their stomachs, so we decided to come to a restaurant where they served barbeque black pork belly. Loved it! I definitely recommend everyone to come and explore all kinds of food!
Lots of local fare
Fun to walk around and look at all the different vendors selling local fish and produce. The kids liked looking at the fish swimming around in the tanks and in the fountains (but got bored much faster than mom and grandmom would have liked).
Love the food!!!
It's a rather small market. We LOVED the beef steak stall, the pork croquette stall, the tangerine cream pastry and the simply DIVINE orange  & mango juices (across from beef steak stall run by some young men).We went there for lunch and really enjoyed the food. There's a multi-storey parking behind the market for KRW500 if you can't find street parking.
To buy local food
You can find local specials there. Jeju tangerine is so delicious. If possible, you should buy some. It is a lil bit cheaper than at the airport. No one speaks English but they are pleased to help.
Great place to visit for a short break
Great place to stop by to grab a snack, rest and avoid the sun. Try the mango smoothie, fantastic for a hot day in Jeju.
Buy Souvenior and have dinner
We went there in an evening by car and needed to wait in a queue to enter the carpark but did not take long.  The market was just steps from the carpark building, and easy to identified.There were quite some food stalls, fruits and souvenior shops that took you half to one hour to stroll.  Not many but we picked a restaurant upstair to have pork bbq, and when we backed, almost all the stores closed around 10:00pm.
Great Traditional Korean Market with Full of Jeju Local Products
It was nice market if you want to see Jeju local products- seafood, mushrooms, a variety of local vegetables. It is not expensive, and you can enjoy the street foods, too. It is better for you to ride taxi to get here because parking is quite difficult and it is very crowded.
reach here by chance but not bad
reached here by chance as originally i planned to go Jungmun five day market but taxi driver wrongly drove me to Jungmun firefly night market instead. can't to further communicate with him although i knew that he went wrong place by checking my map.finally, take other taxi to go Seogwipo Maeil Olleh Market only. that was more commercial i believe but food shop not bad. we tasted traditional korean food called "compound dishes" sth. it has sauces of orange color with some sushi & korean rice cakes also other stuffs. that was tasty. regarding shopping, i don't have interested but just walk around as seem no big diff with Dongmun Market
A must see
Throw yourself into this place you will love it as we did we ate here most days and visited every day while in Seogwipo fantastic place can recomend it more
Vibrant Market with lots of local food
We tried the Sundae (aka blood sausage) and it was quite savoury and delicious (about 3000won). We had the traditional fishcake stick with soup for 700won. Kimbap was very affordable at 2000won per roll. There was a black pork skewer that taste normal for 5000won which I thought was alittle pricy. However, I tick off my black pork buckle list. Many stalls sold fresh iced orange juice which Jeju is famous for.  There were many stalls that sell different kinds of kimchi for 1000won for a small box. There were also many other stall that sell korean rice cakes, croquette, Tteokbokki, hotba and Modeumjeon (where they eat during new year).There are also stalls that sell Jeju's souvenirs and local snacks as gifts. We bought the Jeju crunch chocolate and they gave us a handful of other snacks for to try. However, I  think the snacks should be purchase at Dongmun Market as it was cheaper. It was also cheaper to purchase ikan bilis and kelp in this market then supermarkets.We also went to the clothing stall to purchase old school boxes for our dad.In Summary, a good place to try many local food at a smaller amount although food in Korea is generally not cheap. There were many restaurants nearby too which sell really good Korean food (can look at my other post for the good restaurants recommendations).
Good place to stock up your required local produce
A number of local products to buy. There are some shop that sell street food as well. Just be aware on people selling chocolate oranges. Price varies for the same product. I like the chewy octopus pancake.
Jeju highlight
Seogwipo is small and compact. You can get everything from food, coemetic, daily necessities  to branded fashion on one street. Easy access to Hallasan National park.
Lots of seafood vendors at this local market
Came here one evening in October 2016.  Lots of seafood vendors.  There are also stands with souvenirs for jeju island.  Also, lots of stands selling jeju island tangerine candies and chocolates.  Also, stands selling street food.  Tried the bathrooms here, but they were filthy and lacking toilet paper that evening.  Took the city bus here.  Lots of retail surrounding and some dining options like Paris baguette.
Interesting local place
It's a nice local market with plenty of interesting shops and sea food restaurants. Not too crowded despite plenty of street stalls
Neat place to immerse yourself in the local scene
Just happened to wander into this place, not seeking it out, and enjoyed it very much. The sights, sounds, and smells really made me appreciate and enjoy where I was. I ultimately got a bite to eat, which was what I was looking for in the first place. Like many other places I've ventured to while in Seogwipo-si, English is not spoken... so you need to speak slowly and simply when trying to communicate. It would have been helpful to have someone who spoke Korean and better understood the culture with me, but I (a very tall American) did not feel unwelcome at all; I felt actually totally at ease and would encourage other foreigners to check this place out.
Best place to hunting local food
For those who want to have a taste of local food, this is the best place. I think Seogwipo Market is better than Dongmun Market. There are lots of variety of the local foods. You also can buy a lot of things from food, fresh seafood, souvenir or gift. What I love about Jeju is very clean, even in the market also clean. Love this place!!
Soak in the local culture
Similar to Dongmun Market, this place is great for experiencing the local culture in Jeju. Buy some food and all your souvenirs and gifts here! The shopkeepers will even toss in freebies as part of their "service".
For local food
Its probably one of the biggest market in Seogwipo. Its also part of Jeju Olle Trail  (walking paths to explore Jeju island). Anyone with interest in local food and culture will enjoy it. There are also eateries around if you like small bites.
Worth a stroll for local food and gifts
We visited this market and it's great for getting souvenirs which are also sold at tourist attractions. If you are planning to get any make sure you get them from tourist spots or the market as the prices at the airport are extortionate. You can get 8 boxes of rice snacks for 10,000 in the marketplace the same boxes are 3 for 10,000 at the airport! There lots of stalls to try local snacks the rice cakes are delicious.
Love this place!
I like this market more than the one in jeju city. It has more variety and options. They have more dduk stands, fried chicken tong ddak stands and pojang macha stands in addition to the standard stands at the other markets. They also have a convenient seating / garden area that runs in the middle of some of the alleys.
Multiple quick food options
Whether you want to try local seafood or traditional food from the island, this location has it all.  Over an area of several city blocks, there are hundreds of small restaurants and food vendors to visit.  Additionally there are dozens of small souvenir shops and vendors to get low priced items.
Clean and fun food market
Good mix of touristy, modern and traditional. A favorite of locals and travelers. Lots of food and fun. Different from most Korean traditional markets 전통시장. Tip: Free parking garage nearby (under 2 hours?). Drink mandarin 귤 juice, eat ddukbokki 떡보끼 with fried pork (black pig 흑되지).
stop by this market if you visit Seogwipo on Jeju Island
This market is easy to find and is as large as some of the markets in Seoul.  Many of the vendors gave out samples to taste.  We purchased chocolate, fruit and small gifts here.
Enjoyed the quick food options
Covered wet market great for cheap eats like seafood, mandu, kimchi pancakes, and gimbap. Quick lunch option but like any other covered market really. Try and locate the small food stall in the pic and grab a few gimbaps for the road or a nice hike. :)
Local fresh food market
There are lot of fresh seafood, fruits, food, souvenir and etc sold here with bargain price. It was a good experience and nice shopping stroll.
Colorful Local Market
Similar to Dongmun Market in Jejusi but smaller in size.  If you’ve already visited Dongmun Market and are short of time, this is a site you can consider skipping.  Inside the market, there are some restaurants selling sashimi but a bit difficult to get cooked seafood apart from limited variety of grilled or deep fried fish.  We took a grilled mackeral, very fresh and cheap.
Vegetables bibimbap
Due to I am a vegetarian, the tourist information center officer told me that there is a vegetarian restaurant here. Since I started travel in Korea, I did carry a paper written down in Korean that I only eat vegetables, no meat, seafood, no egg or seafood, meat related seasoning, so, I show to them too. They say yes, but at my second visit, inside the side dishes, I saw a small shrimp head. So, it's not pure vegetarian restaurant, I am very disappointed as Korean do not understand what is vegetarian diet mean. But I will still recommend to those who don't mind, try this vegetable only bibimbap, serve by two aged lady, and its only 3000W.
An eye-opener!
My parents and us loved the market. There were lots of local fresh produce, and a wide array of food. Do not miss the dol hareubang cake as well as the Jeju traditional omegi ddeok!
A real local market - excellent to by gifts
I discovered the market when I drove by with the bus. I took the bus in front of the Lotte Hotel in Jungmun resort... 110 bus. Perfect. This is not a tourist trap...that's where the locals buy. Lots of fresh (alive) seafood, kimchi, fruits, cookies, chocolates and more.
Buy local
A wonderful array of local produce.  Great place to buy fresh or cooked food. Souvenirs are available at a better price than the stores. Good experience.
Nice and clean
This market is really nice and clean with lots to see. If you have never been to a Korean market, this is a good introduction!
Nice open market if you haven't seen one yet!
This market is so clean and the people leave you alone if you don't want to purchase, and just look.
Loved this market
We loved this market.  Great things to  see and eat.  The fried dol harebung cakes filled with mandarin cream were a big hit. The line was always busy.  Great place to buy your oranges and chocolates.
Seafood paradise
Many good seafood hangout. U are totally spoilt for choice. try fish home pot. 3 for 50000 won, add 5000 won for prawn.
Real and local market.
I don't know that I would call this market a tourist attraction. It really is more of a practical market where one can buy groceries (fresh fruit and veggies, fish and meat, rice and grains, etc.), some cheap basic clothing, and other market goods. If you're staying in Seogwipo, it's worth checking out as it's super close to the city center (Jungang Rotary) and very close to Leejeungseop Street (aka "Art Street") which is full of restaurants and cute cafes.It is also nice simply for the fact that, unlike several largely famous Asian markets, it is not riddled with tourists. The vast majority of people walking through the market are locals buying something for dinner.
Typical Korean Market
This is a very typical Korean market, selling from seafood to clothes & shoes. I always enjoy walking around the market so it was good experience for me.You can also buy some local souvenirs - pricing are fixed and pretty much consistent throughout the market.I discovered a line queuing for dol hareubang cake so I have got myself some too! Pretty tasty when they came out hot with I believe local mandarin orange filling.
Good market
A variety of food spotted along the coast made me bought their specialty in Jeju which is oranges. Oranges in the form of juice and fruit are readily available. Another easily packaged good is chocolate which is great way as a gift to others.
Good visit
We bought halibut sashimi from a stall. They have table inside the stall where u can eat them. But we decided to take out so we could have it with sochu. We asked stall owner if they sell abalone sashimi and they said no but immediately showed us to the stall that sells them and helped us translate a little. Do note that eating it as sashimi is really too hard and rather bland in taste. However, amazingly, once cooked, it becomes tender and sweet. Bought some strawberries as well, 5k won for a basket. Very sweet and big.
Traditional market
Worth visit if got time. It's a Korea traditional market that sell mostly food and daily use item. You can find cheap food here but you must know How to communicate with them as they mostly don't understand English.
Not much here but culturally interesting
The stalls essentially sell food and cheap clothing (and cheap as in bad quality not good value). I think its more of a locals market than a touristy place - I wouldn't but any of  the food there as its all exposed to the open and covered in flies, but it was somewhat interesting to visit to see some of the local culture.
Colourful Market
The market opens surprisingly late. It only begun to warm up around 10 AM but the wait was worth it, the market has all kinds of vegetables, seafood and their famed local fruits such as the hallabong. Located it Seogwipo, it was a little touristy compared to Dongmun in Jeju-si but the it still warrants a visit.
nice for shopping
it's kinda nice for shopping and the chocolates are very cheap here. best place to buy chocolates
