Neat little tourist spot
Just a quick stop if you’re in the area. Wouldn’t drive out just for this but we were in the area visiting another museum.
Unique
Yes u car still moving even free gear (N)👍...u all can plan come here while ontwy to MOUNTAIN HALLASAN it same road..
Very mysterious
Do not ask why, but it is happened. Car can move without engine on. The car uphill. Engine is off. The car still move up.
Interesting
We stopped here without planning, and the road looks like it’s inclined hill, but when you put ur transmission in neutral, the car still goes forward for like few yards. But that’s it. Nothing more interesting tho. It was pretty quick tour spot
Feeling weird
Our tour guide took us to this Mysterious Road. The coach bus was indeed moving by itself when the engine is off!
Strange road!
As mysterious & strange as its name. Drive the car there, stop the car, take out the car keys & leave the brakes...the car really move forward by itself! 😆
Holiday
Heard about this road from our tour guide. We experience it in a bus. The driver stop the bus n turn of the engine...the bus will drive itself. Pretty cool experience
Really Mysterious
Experience the car to move backward even though you are not reversing the car. My kids and I enjoyed the experience.Worth it.
Interesting place to visit
It is an interesting place to visit. There are some fruit stalls nearby and selling nice oranges and grapes.
Not So Exciting
The attraction is not so exciting but still worth a visit if it is your first time in Jeju. This attraction is also pretty near Jeju's Loveland, an interesting and popular attraction that is not mentioned in TripAdvisor.
Interesting
We stopped here without planning, and the road looks like it’s inclined hill, but when you put ur transmission in neutral, the car still goes forward for like few yards. But that’s it. Nothing more interesting tho. It was pretty quick tour spot
Mysterious why it's so popular
I mean, if you stay near the area in Jeju city, or are going to nearby attractions like the Love museum, you will have to pass by it and you can try it out. But for those staying at other places... i would say it's not really worth the drive. To put it this way, the petrol is better spent elsewhere on this beautiful island.
Definitely mysterious
This road defy the law of gravity. When a car is on neutral gear and foot off the accelerator, cars can actually go “uphill” on this road!
Self-Drive In Jeju
Self-Drive Holiday in Jeju:Everyone loves going on holidays and I believe a great percentage of these do so on guided tours. Guided tours are fine where convenience is concerned; hotels, meals, itineraries, transport, flights, places of interests to visit, entrance fees etc. etc. are all taken care of by the tour company. As I had discovered decades ago, despite all the conveniences of a guided tour, there are drawbacks that would put one off such tours completely; not being able to sleep-in and wake up as and when you want, having limited time to enjoy the various places of interests or enjoy your lunch while taking in the magnificent scenery from a mountain top restaurant , having to put up with other travellers who simply cannot or are not bothered to be on time, not being able to visit or enjoy other interesting places that are rarely included in tour itineraries, to list a few. Ever since my first guided tour holiday overseas, I have opted for a self-drive holiday and I am very sure there are many out there who would love to do so too,  but refrained from doing so because of a lack of information and perhaps, apprehensive about what it would entail to do a self-drive holiday in a foreign land. This guide is to help dispel those apprehensions and provide the necessary information for you to successfully make that first self-drive holiday in the Honeymoon Island of Jeju, and hopefully, many more thereafter in other destinations of your dreams.Preparation:Many experts would advise, and rightly so, that you should first read up all the necessary information on driving at the destination that you will be holidaying in. However, in my opinion, what is more important is having the self-confidence to drive in a foreign land. Sometimes, things can go wrong, road and weather conditions can change to the extent that no pre-reading or preparation can help, but, with that very important self-confidence, it will see you through. You must also have a flexible mind set and be ready to accommodate changes when necessary – only then will you be able to thoroughly enjoy your self-drive holiday. Having said that, I must say that driving in Jeju is a walk-in-the-park, quite unlike, for example, driving through the mountain pass between Sun Moon Lake and Hualien County in Taiwan – that is a drive I would never recommend to the feint hearted.International Driving Permit – you will need to obtain an International Driving Permit to be able to rent a car in Jeju, and for that matter, in most other countries. It can be easily obtained at AAS and it costs only $20.00 and is valid for one year. You would also want to search for information on all the places of interests and decide on which of those to visit during your stay in Jeju. This is to help you plan and minimize travelling time. These can be had at the Korea Tourism Centre at Samsung CentreChoice of Hotel – There are many hotels catering to different needs and budgets to choose from. The one most often asked question is the location – to stay in Jeju-si or Seogwipo-si? My experience tells me that it makes no difference – it is just a matter of choice. If you are arriving in Jeju late at night, then, perhaps, you may wish to stay in a hotel that is near the airport, to minimize your night driving had you decided on a hotel in Seogwipo-si. We landed in Jeju at 2000 hrs, collected our car at 2100 hrs and drove to Seogwipo-si where our hotel was situated. It was a pleasant forty-five minute drive with guidance from the GPS unit.Car Rental Company:There are many car rental companies in Jeju, but you will most likely come across only a handful if you search the internet – Kumho, AJ Rentals (AVIS), SIXT, Donga and Jeju Rent-a-Car. Do note, though, that there are more than a dozen of competing rental companies at the airport to choose from if you prefer to shop around for the best rates and cars upon your arrival. I book mine through AJ Rentals, not only because of the brand name, but it also provided the best rates among the others on the net and it did not require me to pay in advance upon confirmation of my reservation. To rent the car, you will need to have an International Driving Permit (obtain it from AAS), your local driving license and passport. You can pay either in cash or credit card. Type of Car:The type of car you choose is totally dependent on your preference and budget – luxury or basic. However, do consider the available boot space that will be needed to accommodate your luggage. As a guide, the boot of a KIA K3 can accommodate only three large suitcases with no space for a smaller, fourth piece. In a situation where there are four adults, the smaller, fourth suitcase will have to share estate space in the back seat with two other passengers. The cost of rental is dependent on the type of car, number of days and the period of travel. As a guide, a KIA K3 cost approximately S$60.00 per day for 5 days during the holiday season in November. The rate includes insurance, CDW and the use of a English language GPS, with collection and return at the airport. The rates of the other rental companies that I surveyed were cheaper, however, I cannot vouch for their quality nor service support. You decide at your own risk. The overall condition of the car was good. The only ‘defect’ was the slight steering alignment problem but it was not something that would put us in danger at any time. Maps:Do you need a map when it is very likely that you will be relying on the GPS? YES! A map is necessary for planning your routes and selecting the places of interests to visit.You can easily obtain a detailed map of Jeju Island, with all the major highways and feeder routes from your local Korean Tourism office. You can also obtain these from the car-rental companies when you collect your car in Jeju. You can use it to plan your route, estimate the travel time and locate other possible places of interests that you don’t find on the standard tourist trail. You can use this same map to write down the telephone numbers of the places of interests that you plan to visit. You will need these numbers for keying into the GPS system to guide you to your destination. I made it a point to re-confirm that the telephone numbers are current by asking the hotel staff to extract the numbers from their computer system. This proved to be very useful. Collecting Your Car At The Airport:After clearing immigration and customs, proceed to gate 5 of the arrival terminal. Opposite the gate, there is a green, covered walk-way with a sign that says “Car Rentals”; it will lead you to a building where there are a lot of car-rental companies. If you had pre-booked your car, look for the car-rental company in the building. However, do take note that this building houses the local car rental companies. For the international brands such as Avis, Hertz and the other bigger local companies, they are housed in another location outside the airport. You will need to check with them when you are doing the booking or email them for the information. If the collection centre of the car rental company that you booked with is located outside the airport, wait for their shuttle bus at Gate 5. You will recognize their shuttle bus by their brand name boldly emblazoned on the sides of the bus. Since I booked my car through Avis, I took the ‘AJ’ shuttle bus to their rental office on the outskirts of the airport. The shuttle bus runs on a regular schedule. Arriving at the front of the office, you take a queue ticket. If you had made reservations, it takes just a few seconds to call up your reservation after presenting your passport, driver's licence and International Driving Permit. You will be shown the rental agreement with all the details pertaining to the type, class, number of days of rental, total costs and any other relevant information. With Avis, the GPS is included in the rental, whereas for other rental companies that I had enquired with, the GPS is charged separately. After you have signed the rental agreement, you will be shown your car. You then drive it off to the inspection building where they will go through the car with you to identify any minor damages, scratches, dents etc. They will also have you verify that the fuel tank is full and instruct you on the use of the GPS before getting you to sign off the acknowledgement form. Do ensure that the GPS is an English language version. Keep the documents safely in the glove-compartment and be sure to get the telephone number of the station that you will return the car to. You will need this number to key into the GPS system to guide you back. You then proceed on your way, presumably, to your hotel for a much needed rest after the long flight to Jeju.When returning the car, you just need to drive back to the same depot from where you had collected it. Just key the given number into the GPS. Upon arrival, follow the sign, “Car Return” and head for an available lot. The attendant there will check the car with you and when all is in order, he hands you a form to sign after you have returned the key to him. You then take the shuttle bus that will take you to the departure hall at the airport.The use of the GPS:Different makes and models operate slightly differently from one another, however, the common function that generalizes all of them is the use of the telephone number of a particular hotel, attraction or establishment to program the location into the GPS. For example, the telephone number of our hotel, Ocean Palace Hotel, Jeju, is 064 - 7305800. To navigate to the hotel from the airport, I just had to key in the number 7305800 and simply touch the 'Navigate' button and voila, it calculates the shortest route and starts the voice navigation system in a jiffy - it's as simple as that. From then on, just follow the voice navigation to get you to your hotel. If you make a wrong turn or pass a junction where you were supposed to turn, do not panic. Just relax and drive on – it will re-direct you back to the planned route or at times, provide you with a new course. In fact, we had a lot of fun and discovered many new places of interest by intentionally turning off to smaller but interesting-looking roads just to see what lies ahead and where it will eventually lead us to – that is the beauty of a self-drive holiday. Driving in Jeju:Jeju has a coastal ring road of approximately 181 km, not counting the connecting highways linking the North-South-East –West regions. The coastal scene is a sight to behold! It is left-hand driving in Jeju.To those who have never driven on the left side of the road, it takes a little getting used to, physically as well as in your mind. It gets a little more confusing when turning at traffic junctions, especially when driving through – stopping gives you an opportunity to orientate yourself and prepare in your mind the lane to take when turning. To minimize this confusion, always try to follow a car in front of you which is turning in the same direction as you. It is also helpful to remember that when turning, the roadside kerb will always be on the right of the driver. The roads, save for the highways, are slightly narrower than the roads we are used to in Singapore.Generally, the speed limits are:30 Km / hr within 100 m of school zones50 Km / hr in town areas60 Km / hr in the outskirts of town70 Km / hr along highwaysThe speed limits change quite frequently, so it is advisable to keep a look-out for the change in speed limits. There are speed-cameras practically everywhere, usually positioned up on traffic lights, lamp-posts and in some places, hidden behind 'boxes' manned by a policeman. So, if you wish to spend your money supporting the policemen, speed on at your own risk.The local drivers can, at times, be quite reckless. Just like we have hell-drivers here, there are hell-drivers in Jeju too, but not too many. Just stay alert and always be on the look-out using your wing and rearview mirrors all the time. Except for the main areas of Jeju-si and Seogwipo-si, most of the roads around the island are quite free of traffic.  To estimate the time needed to travel any distances, take an average speed of 45 km/hr.Parking:Generally free parking along kerb-sides and paid parking in some buildings and are generally available easily. Most hotels have free parking for their guests – do check with the hotel management that you have booked with. Petrol cost: As at Nov 2014: Krw 1750 / ltrPlanning Your Routes:Planning your routes is totally at your own whim and fancy, depending on the places of interest as well as the available time you have on the island. If you have a few days ( I would recommend a minimum of five days), perhaps you may wish to consider the following suggestion:1. Day 1 – Arrival and check into hotel. This sample itinerary is on the assumption that your hotel is in Seogwipo. 2. Day 2 – Explore the west scenic coastal drive (Route 1132) of Sagye, Gosan-Ilwa, Hagwi-Aewol and visit the places of interest along this route ( Mt Sangkaksan / Songkaksan / Yongmeori). There are many cafes (especially along the Coastal Cafe Road) and bbq restaurants for stops of aromatic coffee and grilled black pig meat. Explore Jeju-si city (underground shopping mall) and return via highway 1131 where the famous ‘Forest Tunnel’ is located. After dinner, take a drive to the Lotte World Resort for some very beautiful night scenery of the giant windmills.3. Day 3 – Go East this time along the Pyeoson, Sehwa-Jongdal and Gimyeong – Haengwon coastal routes. Stopover at Seongsan Ilchubong (Sunrise Peak). Have dinner in Jeju-si before doing a night drive back to Seogwipo. 4. Day 4 – Alternative 1Drive to Seongsan Port in the north-east via the eastern coastal route and park your car there. Purchase your ferry tickets to Udo Island and spend a very interesting day there. You can tour the island by buying the hop-off-on bus tickets or for the adventurers, you can hire the quad-bikes or scooters. Alternative 2 – visit the popular tourist spots such as the Trick-art museum, teddy bear museum, waterfalls, submarine tours, Green Tea museum, Geomun Oreum, Citrus fruit farms, mysterious road, etc etc....5. Day 5 – Check out of hotel for catch your flight back home.Have a safe and enjoyable holiday!Telephone Numbers of Attractions For GPS:Citrus Fruit Museum - 732 2114Geomun Oreum - 7108981Joongang Underground Mall - 723 1510Jusenggeolli Cliffs - 7381521Lotte Hotel - 731 1000Alive Museum - 805 0888Trick Art Museum - 787 8774Seongeup Folk Village - 787 1179Traditional 5 day market (Jeju-si) - 7435985Seongsan Harbour (Ferry to Udo Island) - 782 5671Seongsan Ilchubong - 783 0959Cheongyejeong Waterfall - 760 6331Cheongjiyeong Waterfall - 733 1528Jeongbang Waterfall - 733 1530Teddy Bear Museum - 738 7600Jeju Folk Village - 787 4501Jeju Sea-World - 784 2333Aqua Planet Jeju - 780 0900Manjanggul Cave - 710 7903Oedolgae - 760 3033
Just a road. No experience to be gained.
Though the name makes it very mysterious and people become very curious, it doesnt really add to any experience. Not worth the hype it creates.
Only if you have spare time
At eye level, the short stretch looked like an upward sloping road, but it was actually a 3 degrees downhill slant. A bit out of the way, would not recommend making a trip there unless you're from Jeju-si enroute to Hallasan National Park. Many of the 'mysterious bottle rolling uphill' videos have been posted on youtube in case you want to see the mystery! The real attraction here was the huge iconic black pig family statue. It was detailed and incredible. LOL
Our car can really move uphill!
Very interseting to see our car moves uphill with the engine off. My tour guide explained the reason behind this but I still don't understand XD. Try to pour the water and the same thing happened.
Just nice to visit
We just pass by this place to try and observe this mysterious road. Well , it is kinda so. We did not get off of our coaster anymore since our driver show it already to us.
Unbelievable  uphill and downhill rule.. it is against..
The stretch of road looks like it's uphill but rolling a water bottle will make it roll uphill instead of downhill. It's interesting to explore.
Intrigueing
It's an optical illusion where the road appears to slopes downhill when in fact, it slopes uphill.  You will need to try it with a bottle on its side to understand.  It is impossible to describe but the experience will warrant it.
Mysterious Road; Optical Illusion rather than law of gravity
If you book a car to travel around, probably you can consider to drive pass this mysterious road which took less than 20min when you're on the way to other attraction. This mysterious road is quite interesting, it is about rolling up this "Down slope".  You can try it, just by asking the driver to off the engine of your car, and let it roll freely. I also tested it out with my water bottle, it was quite funny, the bottle actually roll up. At first, i thought this was due to law of gravity, but i realize is just optical illusion caused by the surrounding that cause this illusion of "down looking slope". Fun place with interesting facts.
Kind of a waste
Definitely a tourist trap, not a lot to do here. The illusion of the car rolling uphill isn't that big of a deal. Plenty of other pretty roads to drive along that are worth more of your time.
What a wonderful sight with amazing feeling!
My family was holiday in Jeju on 12 Dec 2011.  One of the tourists spots where we visited is the Mysterious road.  It really amazed us after we had seen in our own eyes and sitting in the car.  The driver took us to place near to our our hotel Ocean Suite Hotel.  He then switched off the engine of the car and of course, there is a spot where there is a sign show "start here".  There it goes the moment he let off his brake, 5 of us including the driver were siting in the car and the car just move up the a slight steep slove (about 5 degrees) and the distance it travelled is about 50m.  After that he U turn and took us to the same spot where we can witnessed other cars, including buses and coaches also did the same thing.  What a wonderful and awesome sight I have seen.  So when you are in Jeju, please do not miss this.
Feeling weird
Our tour guide took us to this Mysterious Road. The coach bus was indeed moving by itself when the engine is off!
Strange road!
As mysterious & strange as its name. Drive the car there, stop the car, take out the car keys & leave the brakes...the car really move forward by itself! 😆
Interesting place to visit
It is an interesting place to visit. There are some fruit stalls nearby and selling nice oranges and grapes.
Just another magnetic hill
A magnetic hill. Interesting if you’ve never seen one before. Otherwise, just another hill where your car appears to roll uphill.
Nice to drive along though.
We passed by this road. Our guide explain about this mysterious road. We did not get down anymore but nice to dropby if your sked will allow.
Dokkaebi Road
Have fun seeing the car rolled up the slope while in neutral gear. There are lots of people there videotaping the effect.
Not mystery but science
If you have kids, bring them along to let them understand how science can explain mystery and how eye perception cannot be 100% accurate.
Hit or Miss
We went there and did see something but it’s probably a hit or miss place unless you have time.There’s a nice cafe with a huge garden there though.
Believe it or not
We tried putting our water bottle down to see if the bottle roll up downhill.. errmmmm... Yeahhh.. not disappointed anyway
Not worth the detour, but if close by, why not?
We went here as a detour and sure it is a tiny bit interesting... but would not recomend any detour here, many fabolous places on the island to spend time on instead.
Interesting visit, switch off the car engine to experience "rolling upward"
There was a tour group with a guide when we visited. We saw his demonstration of water flowing upstream and a water bottle that roll upstream too. very interesting, when you switch off the car engine and witness the car rolling upwards.
Quite....interesting?
There is a start sign & stop sign. Upon reaching the start sign, switch to neutral gear, on hazard light, and keep your car engine on. It will start to move forward on a uphill slope. Very slowly. Of course, do be alert and keep your eye infront and foot hover on brake if necessary.It is a one lane traffic, so not all cars are stopping to be wow by this nature forces, you might be honked by other drivers for slowing down and doing this anti-gravity act. Well... just ignore them. They will move on by cutting your lane.There is a convenient shop next to it and car park. You can park your car there and come down to try it with a half-filled water bottle. It will perform the same too, rolling up on a up-slope.However, beware of cars. There is still on-coming traffic.
Strange but true
Our taxi driver took us here after going to Horseland (by the way there are better horse places).  The driver switched the ignition off placed it in neutral and it rolled up hill rather than down.  A very odd experience.  If you are passing by it is definitely worth the experience.
Mysterious Road in Jeju
My wife and I visited this road last year during our 4 days tour of Jeju. It was a good experience but once is enough. Jeju is a really wonderful island to visit and we will definitely come back in the future
Not As Expected
Read about it and found it really interesting and we decided to go take a look but pretty disappointed as we all tried but it was not working. One good thing was that it's not a wasted trip as it is very near to Jeju Love Land/ Park.
Awh! So cool!
Have you been to a road where cars move on it's own? This is my first experience. It's so cool and the car just move along the stretch of flat road. What could be the reason? Our guide said that it could be the magnetic effect from the earth. It's something that you can only find it here. Well!! At least for me it's the only one of this kind so far until I discover more. Regret no photos taken here coz it was raining when we were here for this experience.
Gravity hill
Since Jeju is best travelled by car, the mysterious road (it's actual name) is definitely worth checking out. Putting the car on the apparent downslope in neutral gear will make the car move backwards and vice-versa...freaked us out until we discovered the optical illusion behind it. Be careful of all the other cars trying it out as well as pedestrians attempting something similar by pouring water onto the road surface.
A really mysterious road!
We went to this road and true enough, mysteriously, the van moved despite the fact that the driver stopped the engine. whew what a mysterious road!
Good fun!
This is where physics takes over. Let the fun takes over. What you see don't really make sense until the guide explains it to you. All in natural surroundings and in good time. Don't forget to try out the street food there while you are at it. Made my day. Cheers again!
Impressed for this Mysterious Road
Actually originally didn't think to visit this place. But coincidence have the chance, me and my travel partners was shock to see with our own eyes for the water and bottle both run to the upfront road which its was suppose to be opposite way....Make youself drop by to see this amazing effect while you around in Jeju. This place is just very nearby the Sex Museum which we didn't go but passby~
Cool !
Been here since in tour itinerary and feel amused! Our big bus with 30people in it still able to run when the driver put the engine in off position! And it's quite fast as well maybe 20-30km/hr When we off from our bus and try to pour a water they go to the side or even go up instead of flow down. Recommended tourist spot to visit and try by yourself!
Fascinating stop
It's not just any road. Free your gear and drive uphill! Is that possible? Not according to science. But you could do so at Jeju's Mysterious Road. Sometimes your eye may play tricks on you. Find out how on this road.
Outdoor illusion
Jeju-do best attraction, the Mysterious Road (Dokkaebi Road) or Goblin road as folk story say, it was the goblins who does the trick.. sound interesting. Young and old will find this place fun and mysterious. All you have to do is just stop your car at the designation point, on the double sign(emergency light), off the engine, release the hand brake and let the car move up the hill by itself, 'Yes.. roll up the hill'.The best is, this attraction is free of charge. Along the Mysterious Road, have a few food stall, try out the grilled black pork sausage and many delicious food. For those driving, key in the number 7126988 (yup.. heading to Loveland, you will reach Mysterious Road first), most people stop by here on the way to airport.
This truly is Mysterious
Optical allusion or not, this is head scratching. I stood at bottom and then put car in neutral, it rolled uphill. Best yet, poured water on road and it too flowed up?close to airport and worth the few minutes drive to see.
Done in 5mins.
Just a road that seem to go against law of physics.Need a car to see how it roll uphill or maybe some water to see how the water flows.
Quick 15 Min Visit
Optical illusion on this road.  looks to slope in one direction but actually flows the other way.  Pretty cool spot to check out if nothing else but for a photo op.  Should be done in 15-20 mins tops
Atypical road
Very atypical road. Strange to understand. Please take a bottle of water with you to see the mystery in action :) but do not spend more than 15 minutes here
Totally not mysterious
Its totally waste my time going up here, but its okey .... Just want to know how mysterious the road is, but for me the road it self is not going up, its only trick your eye .... The location, is only 50 meter road that has end sign and start sign, thats it nothing more.
Jeju Mysterious Road
This road is interesting! When we are about to reach the site, the driver turned off the engine, and yet the bus is moving upwards!! Amazing!We even went down the bus to try running backward on the road, and one can feel like you are being pulled from the back. Also, we try by pouring water onto the road itself, which is a good test.And yes, the food stall along the road is more interesting.
The Mystery of Rolling Downhill
Disclaimer: Everyone has their own tastes, and just because I may not like something, it doesn't mean you won't like it. And even though I might be dismissive and even sarcastic about this attraction, I am not attempting to insult anyone who thought that Jeju's "Mysterious Road" was fun. The fact is, this road would be amazing IF it wasn't swarming with tourists and IF you just happened to find it one day when you were driving around on the stunning back roads of Jeju. Jeju has Korea's best scenic driving, hands down. But this...Here's the deal. Yes, your brain will lie to you about the incline of this road and it will appear as if you are not rolling downhill, which you are. And that's a fun fact about human neurology and perception. My brain also tried to lie to me in order to convince me that the illusion was worth the large, obnoxious crowds of people that clogged the road, the busloads of hyperactive tourists on a conveyor belt from the airport, and the shops set up on either side of the road in order to overcharge them for very average products. Basically, it's a tourist trap. Sure, it has its appeal, but of all the things you could do on Jeju, why would you spend your time doing this?
Maybe we are confused!
No instructions. We went all the way and followed what everyone did... Tried twice but nothing happen and we had no mysterious experience....
Worth a stop by as it is very near Jeju downtown
This place is only about 8 km from Jeju downtown.  Worth a quick visit to see for yourself the "supposedly" optical illusion where things (water, cars, etc) seem to roll uphill, instead of downhill....
mysterious find
an interesting place to pop by for a short while to see the mysterious road for yourself. experience it in a car with the engine off or roll an empty bottle down the road.
Don't waste your time, gas, or effort here. Skip it.
My husband didn't want to go to this, but during the entire trip, the word 'mysterious' really peaked my curiosity so while he wasn't paying attention, I drove us to this 'mysterious road'. I didn't want to keep wondering after I left Jeju! I mean, It's got to be impressive if there are all these street signs, and they even have a food stand named after it right? Wrong!It was so anti-climatic, so short(1 minute?) and so stupid. Probably one of the dumbest attractions I have ever seen. Nothing mysterious or special about it. If you are disappointed, don't say I didn't warn ya.
Interesting
It's actually just one short stretch of the road but interesting. The road gives you an impression that its going up hill instead it's actually going down the hill. The surrounding including the plants, trees, field and fencing are giving you that up hill impression. So when you switch off the vehicle engine that you are in, the vehicle will continue to move forward. Same goes to the test where they will show you by rolling a water bottle. Try walking backward and you can feel it. You might feel a bit disappointed as there is nothing else over there
Very mysterious
Do not ask why, but it is happened. Car can move without engine on. The car uphill. Engine is off. The car still move up.
Not So Exciting
The attraction is not so exciting but still worth a visit if it is your first time in Jeju. This attraction is also pretty near Jeju's Loveland, an interesting and popular attraction that is not mentioned in TripAdvisor.
Doubtful attraction
Not the only place in the World to claim fame to a road that looks uphill while running downhill. Didn’t get any excitement from this “wonder” of the World.
Not a wow ...
I wouldn't say this is a must visit attraction. Our driver took some time to show us this place since we were passing thru. The kids found it somewhat interesting, we spent about 10 mins trying out the optical illusion in the car.
Just so so
It this is on the way to your other destination, then no harm dropping by. We just drove past by the road, then came down to take some picture. A 10 min pit stop. Nothing fanciful. Not a big deal to give this a miss.
Watch cans and cars move uphill unaided.
I was there watching a child put a can on the road at the entrance to the car park and the can rolled uphill.I then put my car in the same place in neutral and filmed it rolling UPHILL.I can only assume that the road appears to be uphill but must be sloping down.Unless there is some other scientific answer.It is worth the effort to see it for yourself.Bottles did not work like an empty can.There is an Archery range there so you can practice some archery as well.
Let it go! WOW!
We heard and saw this on TV and view to visit when we get the chance so of course we had to see for ourselves. We had impression very crowded road but there were only a few cars. It was about 4pm. We were able to follow another car uphill turn around, follow to the start point.We put car on neutral then let it drive us. Very strange. It just move slow motion like haunted road feel.We stop by at a mart for coffee. There is a cafe too. A few people cos winter not nany tourists strangely, we saw a van and a bus doing same thing, just gliding down.It was just nice finally seeing and experiencing this in jeju.
Can't feel anything
Not sure if there is a certain period of time to get this feel. Tried a few times but nothing seems to be as it mentioned.
Mysterious Phenomenon
It’s does appears that the law of gravity is defied! Haha. Big ample car park available at site if u drive. Nice lady at the stalls along the road facilitated my science experiment by lending me a water bottle to roll on the road. And yes! It does appears that the water bottle was rolling uphill against the law of physics. Its worth a visit if u are in town!
Indeed, it is mystery
We went here to get the experience for the gravity feels, and its totally worth it. Our car moves on its own without using any human forces. One of the interesting place for tourists spot and attraction.
Mysteriously hard to judge
We did this as part of Yeha bus tour - South Course - we were in the back of the bus, so it was really hard for us to see, but apparently, you put your vehicle in neutral and it rolls the opposite of what you would expect.  I'm sure the experience would be better in a car.
The road is interesting
This is a interesting road drive whereby even the engine is off the car will even go upslope. It is worth to go there for an experience.
I dont see anything here
I cant tell any mystery about this road. Maybe becoz i dont drive there..so i cant tell..this place is just walking distance from Loveland..
Kids will like it
I did have fun doing the experiment inside the car as I switched off my car engine. Some kids tried to use water bottles to do the experiment but I don’t think it worked too well.
Fascinating Phenomenon
There is a start point specified on the road. I stopped my car, put car to neutral and released the brakes - the car started to move slowly forward and up slope! From inside the car, the road is up slope, yet the car is like rolling down slope on neutral gear. Fascinating! A must try if you are self-driving.
Interestingly “nice”
It’s mysterious enough to wonder who started to make this as one of a tourist attraction. Apart from being mysterious there is nothing much to see. 🤔
Mysterious Road (Dokkaebi Road)
The drive there was pleasant as you passed through many scenic places. Saw some homes with unique design.As we were at the start of Mysterious Road, our taxi driver switch off the engine and let the car just roll “up the road”. Was wondering how could this happen!!! We witness some other vehicles doing the same. Our taxi driver took a bottle of waterAnd pour it in the middle of the road, the water didn’t flow backward. A group of Chinese tourist ,were doing the same thing, the guide say it’s a scam.  But the truth is “Optic Illusion “Nice backdrop of mount hallasan
Not very excited
I did not enjoyed this road. There is nothing espectacular about it. They turn off the engine and place the bus on neutral and the bus moves going down an up a little hill...
Overated attraction
Many tours include this spot for tourists.  I personally find it over-rated.  It is an illusionary experience where the environs surrounding the particular stretch of road gives one the impression that it is not what it is supposed to be.  Some guides would even spill water on the road to experiment.  Interesting - yes, but I would not include it as part of a tour itinerary.
Enroute
We visited Mysterious Road on our return journey from Hallasan. We tried rolling water bottles, but failed lol. Eventually we did the touristy thing of shutting the car engine and letting the car "roll up the slope". Interesting.
Almost missed it
We missed this and had to make a detour to find this signage cos there were tour buses blocking it by the road. There were alot of tourist and students when we arrived. The myth is true, it does roll upwards!
Mysterious road trip
did a slight detour this place  before returing to airport. the road was pretty empty except for one or 2 cars that were already. Did a u turn to face up the slope from where we got in. Followed the sign where to start and put it to Neutral and experience the pull up the slope. It was over with about 200-300m stretch and turned into the carpark beside the shop. Didn't really feel anything strange or excited about it.
Funny if you are with friends :)
We went there with a local guy who show us the mystery. We were in a group of friends and found it quite funny that our car rolled downhill why it looked impossible. I think it can be boring when go along. It's just a short stretch of road, nothing spectacular, just for fun. Visit if you are in the area, but I would not make a trip just to go for this specific attraction.
illusions!
Illusions make you see the road going upwards but in fact gravity shows it is going downwards.  Interesting.
Where the car rolls uphill
Very interesting road on the way from Jeju City to Hallasan. Haven’t quite figure out why at a certain stretch the car actually rolls upwards on a neutral gear and without brakes. Probably an optical illusion but I didn’t stay to figure out - better just take it as a mysterious road, it’s more interesting. There’s some statues of pigs nearby, symbolizing prosperity and many children. Take a picture, touch the pig’s head.
Meh
Underwhelming. We needed a stop and there were some interesting shops nearby (persimmons and mushrooms, I think) so it wasn't a total loss, but not worth the detour.
Really fooled me
This mistery road is about half kilometer long. Stop you’re vehicle at the start of this road, put the gear in neutral, and turn off the engine. Your car slowly climbs up a pretty steep slope. At least what it looks like upward slope. It is really hard to believe that the upward slope is an optical illusion and it in reality slopes down. I have seen magnetic hill in Moncton, Canada and they have a road like this. But there is just below a mountain slope and the optical illusion is very understandable there but here there is no such thing, just a plain stretch of road. I really could not figure out how your eyes are deceiving your brain. Not a big deal,but worth experiencing it if you are in Jeju.
What is the point?
Unless you are passing in a car it seems pointless to search out this road. Even then I did not see many cars staying more than a couple of minutes and most people seemed bemused
For the fun of it
Just go and remember to turn on hazard lights, and neutral gear. If you are in the wrong direction you may just roll backwards “uphill”. Lol.Do beware of impatient locals speeding hy...
Good experience
We manage to visit this Mysterious Road while on our way going to Hallasan but we are unable to try the road on our own. The road is really mysterious but the length of the road is not that long. We just try the road by using a mineral bootleg water and it is really awesome. You can try Visit it if you are curious about the road.
There’s something mysterious about the Mysterious road
If you’re driving around Jeju Island, this place is a must. It took me a while to figure out what was the big deal (mysterious) about this road but after I figured out the way it was described to be, it was definitely cool and somewhat mysterious. So here it goes: you drive upto the starting point of mysterious road and put the car in neutral gear. The road certainly looks like and uphill, however the car drives forward until 100m to the end of the mysterious road. Anti-gravity huh? I’m not sure of the scientific explanation for this phenomenon, but I recommend you experience this if you’re driving around Jeju Island. Takes only 15 minutes and certainly worth the time and experience!
Start from the sign
We drove here using waze , got to start from the signage point beside the road , try to put the gear to neutral and it does move.  It's a short drive like 1 -2 minute here . Then we park our car near the 7 eleven and use the restroom .
It's strange but fun
Quite confuse why my tour leader brought us here until he did some experiment about this road. So it's a downward-hill that looks like an incline. Couldn't understand how it can be happen, but my bottle keeps moving upward
Family vacation
We visited these stretch of the road and experienced the slope of the road. A good family vacation. Thanks.
Big surprise
When you reach the place you bet your life that the road goes uphill. The driver stopped the engine and switched to neutral. To our big surprise the car picked up speed and rolled downhill. your eyes were cheated by the bushes, trees and surroundings.
Not So Mystical
Went there. Nothing about this road is mysterious or mystical. It is simply based on illution. Well, for anyone who curious about it can try to pass on that road. No need to spend so much time there.
Its extremely bizarre!!!
my tour guide brought us to take a look at this "mysterious road", my coach driver just switch to neutral gear then the coach start to move by itself and in constant speed, the road seems flat and straight but its not and its just within a mere 100m distance, my guide told us that scientific proven is becoz of wind. An interesting place not to be miss. Try it out yourself to feel the excitement.
You have to be there to believe it is real.
Turn off your engine, it will push your car uphill.The speed was fast, it is not magic, it is a real thing.You have to see it in person to believe it. If you go there after sun set, it will give you a chill.Must see place on Jeju island. I believe if you a tour, you will get a chance to experience it.
Amazing!!! mysterious road
This road is truly amazing, its 100 meters mysterious street , people really stopped and test how the mystery going.
Amazing road
You really need to put a coin or can on the road to see the illusional effect. You think you are going downhill, but it is in fact the opposite.
Good for a passby
Good experience, but not so special as there are some other place in my home country that seems similar to it. We are on a group tour, upon reaching the road our driver stopped the engine, the bus continued running, the tourguide did some explanation, something about magnetic features of the area, if you will look around its just like an ordinary road.
Not much time needed to experience this place
If you have some time to spare, it is recommended to check out this place. However if you are in a really short trip, IMO i dont think its worth to drive here as its just a road, unless you are on your way to love land.
Interesting
I've never done something like this before so it was a first time for me. We tried it in one direction but it didn't work, but when we tried it in the opposite direction (heading away from Loveland), it works and the car accelerated to 13 km/hr whilst on neutral. I would recommend a visit here if you haven't done something like it before.
Interesting
Close to the Jeju Loveland Park and worth the stop. Mind boggling how a car moves up a hill, merely a trick of the eye.
Mysterious road
Took quite some time to find the road. I was there few years ago and I find it very interesting, but this week when I bring my family there, I was very disappointed. We drive pass a few small stalls and want to try on the road and the nearby stall owner was very rude and tell us not to park in front of him. Thus we drive up and down slowly and try on the gravity without having the hand break on. It's a 5 minute thing, will not go again.
Cool but not worth it
Experiencing the Jeju Mysterious Road was cool for a few minutes. But that's about it.If you're gonna drive a few hours just to see it, I'd say just look for another attraction. But if it's just near you, go ahead and experience it.
The car will go in reverse, even though the slope is in the opposite direction
The taxi driver showed me this while I was headed to Love Land (nearby).  He put the car in neutral near the convenience store area, and even though it slopes downward, the car will roll backward.  It was cool, free, and quick.  I would not divert from an itinerary to experience this, however if you want a free thrill, check it out.
Nothing special
Was in the area, so decided to have a look at this phenomenon.Turns out to be optical illusion.Tourists were trying to get their cars rolling "up" the slope, children were trying to get bottles rolling, and local drivers were getting annoyed making more aggressive manoeuvers than usual
Now I know the mystery
When I heard there is a mysterious road in my tour itinerary.  I was thinking what the he** is that? Now I know.  The world has lot of unanswered questions.
Really mysterious ...
Is just a short road to be amazed.  Not worth to travel so far.  Saw people trying to roll water bottle on the road and ignoring oncoming cars.
Not sure what the mystery is....
2nd time here but still not convinced about the mystery...only thing is that the car can move on its own without stepping on the accelerator
Nothing mystery
This mystery road is just a small portion of a long road with many undulating slopes. There is sign broad showing the start of the mystery. Both sides of the road has plantation indicating the road is up slope.  Vehicles with engine killed will moves slowly from the start point with the plantation effect. At the ending point when out from the vehicle, looking at the road as if you are on the top of the small gradient.According to academic research, it is actually down slope but due to side plantation causing people to view wrongly.
Uh...It's Neat? I Guess?
Don't go out of your way for this, lol. It's not an "attraction" per se, but if you are driving and this is on your way somewhere (like it was for us), you may as well check it out for the five seconds of amusement you will get from it.
Cool, but not a must.
We had a taxi tour and this just happened to be on the way to a museum. It was neat to experience and see, but I wouldn't stop by if it was out of the way.
Honeymoon @ Jeju Mysterious Road
We gave a 4 stars owing to its mysterious element.The 100m stretch of road appears to be uphill but it is actually and in fact downhill. This can be done by several experiments. E.g. pour water on the road, put a bottle of water and it will roll towards the "uphill", walk or run backward along this road; you will feel the difference whether it's uphill or downhill.There are a few stalls selling food so you can eat and think how this is possible.
Mystery needn't to be solved
It is a good experience to be there and see how mystery the road was. We were with our kind tour guide that gave us an experiment to test the road. Pour water and see where it flows, true enough it was a mystery (still need not to be solved).
Mysterious indeed
We were on a tour bus when we passed by the road. There were quite a lot of people so we couldn't really go down and take pictures. It was literally a 5 minute driveby. Luckily, I was near the front so I had a view of the road and it's optical illusions. I recommend coming with a rented car or taxi, not with a big group. Then you get to really appreciate why it's called the Mysterious Road. I heard from our tour guide that some golf ranges in the area have the same effect to. Golfers should ask around so you can play there.
So mysterious...and we feel nothing..not impressed at all
My suggestion... not a must tourist attraction to target..Find another truly mysterious attractionAlthough attributed with story about when and how this mysterious road appear to be odd, still nothing can retain in memory Skip it from your agenda
Try and figure it out!
It was amazing! One seemed to be on a uphill yet the car was moving backwards. And vice versa. Try using an empty water bottle (cylindrical in shape) to test it out as well.
2 minutes of joy
Nothing much else to write about except that it will take you 2 minutes to experience this and is really close to Love Land which is something you should checkout.
Amazing!
Was feeling really amazing when passing through this road.   The tour bus was moving even though the driver has turned of the machine. Recommended anyone coming to Jeju to try this herself/himself.* TK
Unique road
Visit if you are free as there are other roads like this in many parts of the world. Objects roll up the slope appearing to go against gravity however its due to an optical illusion. If you visit make sure you try it yourself.
Car moving on its own
When car stops the engine, it goes on its own. Other than this, nothing special. However, we have tried to use wheelchair to see whether any similar effect, its not working.
For the Inqusitive - Jeju Mysterious Road
Nothing spectacular but wouldn't mind a stop by as its along the way to nearby restaurants. Should try the hot rice cake and fish cake though.
Worth a 5 minute stop
Looks just like a normal road, except that due to the slant of the trees it appears like things are going uphill. A trick of the eye, and a cute experience.
The Mysterious Road
We came to The Mysterious Road and it's said that when you're going uphill but actually it's you've going flat Road or otherwise!But I couldn't feel anything so in the end we just took some photos and go to another destination.
Interesting
The driver dropped us there on a rainy evening. It was a nice experience because it makes you wonder why would the vehicle move 'upwards' after the driver has killed off the car engine. Due to communication barrier (a Korean driver), she could not explain it well to us. However, it is still interesting.
Very short quiet road
It's a short quiet road so do keep a lookout when you are near. We tried to pour water but it didn't go against gravity as mentioned.
Check it out!!
We drove there since we have a rental car.Indeed the vehicle moves uphill on its own when in neutral.Interesting.Need to figure why though!
The road where things roll uphill?!
This is a very interesting place to visit. Our driver put his car in neutral gear, turned off the engine and put his keys on the dashboard, and the car rolled uphill! We got off and watched other people put bottles of water on the road and they rolled uphill as well! It is actually an optical illusion, but still a strange sight to behold. You don't have to stay here for long - maybe 30 minutes will do.
Gravity defying magic
There are sign posts to mark the start and end of the 100 metres stretch of the Mysterious Road.  Pretty fun to play "magic" with family and friends. Put your car to neutral gear, release your foot off the accelerator and notice the car moving "uphill" on the road.  Recreate the same effect with a bottle or ball rolling uphill.  The Mysterious Road is actually a gravity hill i.e. a place where a slight downhill slope appears to be an uphill slope due to higher surroundings, creating the natural illusion that water flows uphill or that a car left out of gear rolls uphill.  Worth a fun stop if you self-drive!
Pretty Unique
Visually, the road is seen to be an uphill road. But when the bus driver turned off the engine and release the brakes, it starts to move forward. Quite interesting. But don't purposely go there unless it's part of the journey. Not worth.
You have to try it to believe it
Tip: when you are on that road uphill, please put the car into NEUTRAL gear & switch OFF your engine. That's the only way to test. You will then see that the car is indeed going uphill when gravity tells you that you should be descending downhill on that slope.Having the engine on would offset the effect.Try it.
Review of a 14 year old girl
For some reason, we did not manage to see the optical illusion during our visit.  However, the environment was nice so we had quite a great time there.
Not so mysterious
Don't make a special trip to see this place,  Only interesting if you pass by.  I mean, it's only a piece of road where you turn off the engine on the incline and watch the car roll for a few yards.  We've got more interesting mystery spot in Santa Cruz, Calif.
Only Stop if You're in the Area
This site is just around the corner from Love Land, so if you're in the area or need a restroom, stop. Otherwise, don't waste your time and gas just to drive here.When you see a bunch of cars with their hazards on, moving very slowly next to the 7-Eleven, you know you've arrived. Put your car into Neutral and watch as you slowly appear to roll up hill.
Vision trick
It is just a vision trick. The road appears going up when it is really going down, so cars and buses can glide down when put in neutral. The way the trees at the side of the road is planted tricks your vision. Coming from Canada, we have seen it similar to the one in Moncton, New Brunswick.
MR ANN IS AWESOME
hello folks looking for a driver. Mr Ann is who i recommend. he is friendly with decent english. His english is optimal for getting by. Not only that but his charges are very affordable. He has many clean and nice taxis with fresh air . He is able to take 2 to 10 or more people. Having worked as a tour guide for 10 years or more with a huge diversity of customers from all over, he is genuinely a good guide. He drives fast but safe recommends cheap and good quality food.  He taught us lots of korean jeju culture too. With him as my guide 2 days in jeju wasnt enough. overall like what many others said he not only proactively takes many pictures for us but also brings us to as many places as possible, giving us alone time too. He brought us to eat black pork, tea museum, folk village, mount hallasang, glass museum, trick eye museum, love museum, the maze place, a beach, udo island, and many many other scenic places that you can take good shots.
Mystery of the Mysterious Road
It's just a short stretch of road which claims that vehicle on it moves by itself. Sounds interesting but you got to be there yourself to see it and solve the mystery!
Good experience if you have a car
This is a small stretch of road. The GPS setting is 7126988 ( which is for Loveland) but you turn off just before it. The stretch is about 50 m. There is a start and stop sign. At the start sign, set gear to neutral and off the brakes and watch your car go uphill. It is quite fun because of the optical illusion. No fun if you don't drive.
Really mysterious!
Nice to view such a mysterious road. Not easy to believe, but true! Worth to go there and make a believe!
Mysterious Road..
This Mysterious Road is nothing very special actually, but it can explain by the Physics explanation why we see downhill road but the car can climb up without engine on.. hehe.. so there nothing spooky here..
Amazing experience
It is really mind blowing. Hard to believe that it will happen like that. Just go there for a short while. It wont eat your time :)
It's Not That Mysterious
Yes, you will able to see water bottle accend up the road without any force applied to it and when you switch off your car engine or shift to Neutral, your car still able to accend the inclining road. But after 10 minutes, you will be bored and it's only work a certain stretch of road only.
Quick stop
Pretty interesting how the car can move even when the engine is turned off. What's beneath the road?
Really?
I came here as its right next to Loveland. Total waste of time, no idea what was going on. Just lots of coaches that slow down and wait for the "gravity" to take hold causing a huge traffic pile up. Odd
Backward roads
Full of tour buses and tourists at this "mysterious road"! We drove by and made a quick pit stop! Nothing much except seeing bewildered tourists!
Interesting
Car is going backward at down slope road. Mysterious! Interesting. Can incorporate into your itinerary. The place is not very big. Nothing much other than the road.
A bit of a let down but nice stores, cafes, and stone art
We visited this road on the way back to the airport (stayed on South side of the island).  I would recommend this attraction if you happened to be on road-1139 or in the vicinity (e.g., visiting Loveland, or hiking trails nearby.  There are plenty of nicer things to see and do on the island but it’s worth a look/see, if you’re in the “neighborhood.”  My wife got a kick out of it, using the water bottle, as previously advised by another post.  I was less than thrilled and found the art along the road and cafes to be more interesting around the mid-way point of the attraction.
Interesting
It's all about the magic of eye sights. You really thought you see the car going uphill effortlessly
What is this sorcery?
It's amazing how illusion can make an up slope looking road,in actual fact downward sloped. Try it out with a water bottle and watch it roll up hill!
Interesting Phenomenon
Our tour guide built up anticipation of this phenomenon hours before we arrived at the site, and by then, our entire bus load of tourists were completely curious as to what we would experience.It was all over in less than a minute, but still interesting to see how a natural illusion could occur if the conditions are right.It's not worth making the effort just to see this short stretch of road, but if you happen to be in the vicinity, by all means see if the illusion works on you!
Interesting strip of road
What is so mysterious about this road is that vehicles can still move upslope with the engine switched off. We had the engine of the bus switched off and experienced it first hand what it felt like. The bus was first moving at a very slow speed but it started to gear up towards the end of the road. We then got off the bus to watch other vehicle move on the road. It was quite an interesting sight. Somewhere nearby, I even saw a stand giving out free Christian literature. Lots of snacks available. My first time trying the milk. At first, I thought it was some yoghurt drink or a big bottle of Yakult. Tried the one with black cap and realised that it's banana milk. I never like flavoured milk but this taste nice.More pictures available onhttp://i-wanna-travel.blogspot.sg/2015/03/korea-jeju-17-mar-2014.html
Interesting place
I really enjoyed this place for a short visit. Things genuinely appear to roll uphill which is something I have never seen before. It's a little crowded but we had no problem rolling our car up the hill and rolling some bottles up the hill once parked. Definitely worth stopping for if you are in the area or passing through.
It is Mysterious and Unbelieveable
The road was called mysterious road as it seem to be a up slope but your vehicle can move slowly up like going down slope. The area is less crowded at around 7-9am until the tour bus came, where many people actually went down to crowd around this road. The tour bus would stop at the start of the slope and off its Engine and slowly moved up to the end and turn into the car park where the tourists would come down and see cars moving up. Some of them would pour water to show that the water went up instead of down. It is quite mind boggling. But actual fact that this road is due to the surrounding which makes you have the perception thinking it is a up slope but actually it is down.Way to get there is by Car or Bus. It is close to Jeju LoveLand and it is down the same road, so it is not too difficult to find.
Interesting
Really interesting road. I didn't believe what they said about it until we went there. It made sense once I read up about it. Really short but cool to check out.
"illusion" seems to only work on certain parts of the short road
A very short and busy road clogged by tourists, tour buses and cars trying to see and feel the uphill rolling effect. I personally did not see anything rolling uphill. Tour guides poured water and empty round mineral water bottles but it did not seem to give any credence to the anomaly. However I did see one car roll backwards (uphill) rather fast but couldn't tell if it was already in-gear, nevertheless the reverse lights weren't illuminated so I guess it wasn't rolling on it's own steam.
Nice experience
It was nice experience when suddenly u find these kinds of roads... Some kind of mysterious nature behaviour that able to control your vehicles to suddenly runs on its own... Probably kind of magnetic field...Well, u can also enjoy a small view of grassfield and view restaurants around... I took a nice picture here with my travel friends, used a large stone (its carved with korean words) as background... Interesting experience... ;)
didn't appreciate the "mystery"
we followed the instruction but did not experience the results like others. so i am not sure if the "mysterious road effect" is reproducible all the time
Mysterious Road....
A road less than 15 mins about 50 meter of start sign and stop sign when our driver off his engine bus automatically roll up and roll down by itself nothing more.Some street and souvenir store in this area.
Interest place for short visit
Visited the place while travelling to other places of interest.  According to the tour guide, it's an optical illusion as the "high ground" is actually a low land, vice versa.  There are some souvenir and street food stalls in the area, worth a visit esp if you have kids with you - we do find it fascinating and it's near city hotel.
Extremely mysterious
Really not sure how the car can move without the engine running?? Seems to astound most people around the area and it's definitely a place to have a short visit.
It is more of an optical illusion
just more of an optical illusion thing. it seems i am more interested with the souvenir shops and the stalls offering classy street food. several photos to take can be more like it
A Visit to be done once
This place is known for its so called gravity. A lot of tourists will visit this place when they are at Korea. My tour guide demo to us by putting a water bottle down the slope, instead of going down, it goes the opposite direction . Very interesting.
Crazy
Although we know how the illusion works, it is still crazy to watch how the bottles or cars go up hill instead of going back. You don't need much time over there though. One mysterious road (according to our touri map there are two) is located right next to the Jeju Lovepark which is interesting and funny. You can go there for 9000 Won, spend about an hour watching love sculptures. :-)
Mysterious?
went here by myself, the gps said we arrived but i dont actually understand what it does..doesn't seem mysterious to me..so if you want to come, just come, it is just a road..
Nothing of much, just need 15 minutes that's all.
Don't need to spend so much time there, many tourist will be around there. As objects and liquid appear to roll and flow up the hill instead of down, when, in fact, such image of gravity defiance is an optical illusion rendered by the seemingly high surroundings.Roll a bottle or pour some water and see i for yourself. There is also several vendors selling food and drinks. Beware as they are abit pricey.
20 Minutes is all you need!
We made a short stopover at the Mysterious Road on the way back from the south side of the island - just a quick 20 minute one would suffice. You can start the experience from either lane - there's a marker to demarcate where the Mysterious Road starts and stops.Basic Procedure: 1) Switch on your hazard lights; 2) Slowly come to a complete stop; 3) Prepare your video recording device; 4) Be mildly amused at how something like this can happen!You're done!
The Jeju Mysterious Road
The Jeju Mysterious Road, also known as Dokkaebi Road, lies on a hill at the foot of a mountain, and connects two major highways on Jejudo Island. It has earned its name, as objects and liquid appear to roll and flow up the hill instead of down, when, in fact, such image of gravity defiance is an optical illusion rendered by the seemingly high surroundings.
Try for the experience
Well, they call it the mysterious roadBut it's more like optical illusion!Yes it may look fascinating that your car, though in neutral seems to be moving up a slopeBut as people say, it's optical illusion!It can be considered as a stop as there are snacks sold on site as well and if you're there during spring, cherry trees and fields of canola are everywhereVery colorful and pretty
Mystery or Science?
It's a road with optical illusion.The driver will normally put on the N Gear and you can see the car is moving down itself although the road looks like its going up.
Interesting and Amazing~
Tested on the car that we rented~N Gear and the car really move up slope~Tried it with water too, but did not see the effect~Not too sure if it cos the sky is dark~ Go at night if you rent a car~ Can reverse the car as many times as you want~
Should go once for the experience
What's interesting is that you really, actually get to see cars/buses with their engines obviously off, rolling up the slope. Expect to see a number of tour buses. Some tour guides will demonstrate the mysteriousness of the road even further by pouring water on the ground. The water will flow upwards. 10mins is enough time to spend here. Recommended to visit once for the experience.
A mysterious road indeed
We rented a car in jeju and decided to experience the mysterious road. It was amazing how your car rolls backwards when it looks like an uphill road. A must visit place if you are in jeju.
Small road
Well its just a small steep road but the thing is when driver turn off the engine, the car kept going,    quite excited, but you won't feel mystery .
Amazing but not Mysterious
This road is have trick optical, whick look like up hill but actually down hill. All the bus and car turn off their engine in the down, but the car n bus can move to the top of the road like climb without machine, but that acttualy just optical trick. Many place like this in the world, but Jeju goverment use that as a attraction, very good idea.
Really mysterious!
I read many negative review about this place from other travellers but for me, it was quite an interesting place with strange phenomena going on. My taxi driver brought me here on the way to Seongsan and he show me what is so mysterious about this road and it was indeed very strange. He stop the car at one end of the road and the car will automatically move up towards the slope (even when the car engine is not on). It was just an experience and one will not spend more than 10 minutes here. A good short trip before going to other places.
A surprise but don't expect so much
I do feel some surprise during our visit here, but probably we expect so much. Mysterious road is a part of the road, amazing. But after i tested with two bottles of beer, it just normal. i don't understand so much. But overall it's worth visit to Mysterious Road, Jeju.
Bring a toy car along!
This roads' mysteriousness can only be seen by placing things that roll on the road because these things will roll the opposite direction it's supposed to!Bring a toy car and take a video, just look out for other free rolling things like cars and buses.
Interesting - good to ask your driver to just go briefly
We went there on our way back after a day of sightseeing. It is good to just drive pass that stretch. But not worth if it is not on the way. You could just spend a brief less than 5mins there while staying in the car.
Stupid tourist trap - Ask your guide to just pass this
Tour companies love this tourist trap because it add a good few lines to their tourist brochure while being totally costless for them and wasteful for us.If you can, ask your guide to just pass this, getting back to the hotel staring at your ceiling is better than this.My guide made it worse since he was totally excited of this place, yet when I get there, even before we stop, I look outside the bus to the row of trees and can see the reason behind "the mystery road" and I was "hmmm...lame, can we just move on". But the guide insist that we spend our expensive time on this thing and my group members want to agree with him.And since I already see the row of tree and how the optic illusion would work, the optic illusion (which is weak) dissipates for me. Ask your guide to go somewhere else.
Really mysterious
The bus was on the road with engine off. Instead of reverse it moves forward (the road is on uphill). Water was pour on the road and it flow upwards, against the gravity of the road.
Amazed
I dont know about gravity or earth magnetic thing..but when our taxi driver did the experiment by taking off his car key and free his gear...the car move backward and it was against the gravity...amazed
Interesting road....
Interesting road... My bus was shifted to neutral gear and went up th hill by itself....Had saw this before in Taiwan and china... It was actually an optical illusion .. Nonetheless quite amaze by it. Other than this generally speaking the attraction has no depth... Can go if visiting some other attraction in the area, but not worth it if travelling long distance for it .
really mysterious
on the way it seems that the road is upward - the bus moving on  on its own without the gas but upon reaching a certain point it did stop & looking back to where you've been, it seems that the road is leveled.
Interesting!!
Our cab driver brought us there on the way to loveland! Quite an interesting sight, no fees required! Do drop by if you're in the area :)
Our guide was more excited than us
We stopped by the mysterious road on the way back to the hotel, Our guide did the customary demonstrations- car in neutral brakes, water bottle and measuring tape. Interesting to see if you happen to be in the vicinity but don't go out of your way.
Mysterious Road
If you have a chance to be there, try this... roll a filled water bottle down the slope (apply some force like bowling). It will move down first then the bottle began to "hestitate", then it changes direction to move up the slope. It is really fun!
Really mysterious road !
Our tour agent drive us there and put the car on neutral and release the hand brake. Despite the road is up-sloping, the car still moves as if the road is going downwards! This road is nearby another attraction called Love Land...a must to go!
pretty cool to see
the place is pretty cool to experience.   but other than the actual mysterious road there's not much there.   there's some local vendors selling fruits and drinks but thats pretty much it.  its not really a photo spot because pictures of the road aren't that interesting...
A good gimmick
It was ur eyes who played trick! Discovered in the 70s, there are 4 such places in the whole of Jeju island. Your tour guide will reveal to you the "secret" of the road, so I won;t be here to soil your surprise. It's fun to try to walk backward (uphill) and fell more easier than downhill.
Only an illusion
Not that mysterious after all. Ok to go for an experience but once is more than enough.
Not that mysterious
It was only a natural trick when the car ran uphill and downhill with the slight angles so it made us felt like the car was flying up and down. My wife was excited while I thought it was only a mistake of road contruction.
Neat little tourist spot
Just a quick stop if you’re in the area. Wouldn’t drive out just for this but we were in the area visiting another museum.
Unique
Yes u car still moving even free gear (N)👍...u all can plan come here while ontwy to MOUNTAIN HALLASAN it same road..
Holiday
Heard about this road from our tour guide. We experience it in a bus. The driver stop the bus n turn of the engine...the bus will drive itself. Pretty cool experience
Really Mysterious
Experience the car to move backward even though you are not reversing the car. My kids and I enjoyed the experience.Worth it.
Not amazing
Went to this as part of a tour. The view from the coach as your “defying gravity” is of a coach full of people craning their necks not straight ahead which you need to get the perspective. This is something thats maybe worth doing on the way to somewhere else but don’t go out of your way for it.
Great fun
We drove past it on another parallel road and didnt realise how fun it was! So we made it a point to visit it and try it out before we returned the rental car. The speed went up to almost 20km/h! We didnt encounter any local motorists though there were some tourists placing water bottles to see them roll up the hill :)
It’s all in your mind... no mystery here
I tried walking and rolling in car to feel the effects of such claims... no luck, felt cheated... at least the kids had fun.
Up ??? Down ...
IncredibleSeems to go uphill ... but in fact go downhill.Pure optical illusion.To be seen once. Car at neutral point.. and see what is happening.
Optical illusion
We visited this stretch of the road and experienced the slope of the road. The driver stopped the engine and switched to neutral. To our big surprise the bus picked up speed and rolled downhill.
Optical Illusion
Good to visit this place for an understanding of why it's happening. Optical illusion of the Dokkaebi road and the story behind its discovery. Short road distance about 150m from start to the ending point.
Interesting road
Using bare eyes to look at the roads it appears to go up while actually its going downhill. If you put a water bottle on the road it will slide down. Interesting.
Fun to visit if in the area.
This place is just outside the love land . There is a huge parking lot just behind this row of shops. In front of these shops selling sausages and fruits is the road . You can borrow a bottle of water and row it down the road and miraculously it will come to a stop and row backwards! Opposite the road is a grazing field where you can see cows . Ok a visit if you are in the area.
Fascinating for young kid
My 4 year old found the road very fascinating and he kept mentioning mysterious road throughout the day. It was probably just an average experience for adults but if you are travelling with the little ones, it may be worthwhile to spend some time to bring your kids to view this road.
Rolling upward the hill...
Interesting place. Just a eye trick because of surroundings. Not worth if you go there intentionally
Beautiful stretch
Mysterious Road (Dokkaebi Road) is a beautiful stretch of road, and is right in the middle of the forest.
Small but interesting
It was interesting but not too mysterious.  It's just a trick of the eye because of the surroundings.  Anyway, it was a fun little detour and makes for good videos/pictures to show my students back in the States.
If you pass the street, take a look. If not, no need
Its just something like a less than 50 meter road with "strange" situation. Not worthed if you intentionally go there.
Fun time defying the odds
We heard about this and immediately thought that we should come by to see it for ourselves. Initially we took a bottle thinking to place it on the road as we were too shy to drive in our car. But the bottle was too light and the wind actually was moving it instead. We saw ppl just came and did what was suggested. Just put the car to neutral and do not step on the accelerator - the car will move forward despite it’s an uphill road. We did that twice as there’s not much car around. :-)
Mysterious Drive
Nice experience. You will require to stop the car and change the gear to N and you will feel the car start moving slowly even though is sloop.
just a road
just a road where if you stand and poured water or dropped a coin usually they just stay in place but on this road it moves as if the road is not straight
Very misterious
To arrive in jeju misterious road you can go by bus or private car. If you use private car you can try how misterious that road. If you go by bus you need to walk to arrive in jeju misterious road.
Never come!
waste time because the mysterious road is less than 100 meters only. it is also dangerous because all locals will try to cut off your vehicle at a speed.
nothing special
it's only an eye perspective view. when we see the car slowly run up while the machine off, the road actually go down. Nothing special
Nothing to shout about
Ok it’s a road that looks like up hill but your car can move forward. In my opinion you can skip this unless you are on the way. While we were on this road, one car started honing us for being slow. He later turn in to love museum rushingly!!
Magic road
Fascinating 100m. Our car rolled  down when on Neutral and the road is flat... Bottle of water rolling backward. Same goes when water was poured on the ground...
Not so mysterious
We may be doing it wrong but when we tried to put water on the road nothing really happens. but we were amused by the cows on the other side of the road (a farm, i think?) and big statue of pigs.. :D
Didn’t find anything mysterious
It’s a small road with sign START & END stating the start & the end of mysterious road. But to be frank....we didn’t find anything mysterious.
Didnt work
Tried with car, stroller, water bottle in the rainNothing workedDrive all the way to this road in the rain for nothingStarted trying it at the "start here" sign
Interesting experience
It was very weired and interesting. If you are going there, try to turn off your car and test it if the road tricks you! You will be very surprised!
Cool
It probably takes <1 min on this road as not much time is needed at this place. The vehicle will appear to be moving up slope when the engine is offed, should only visit when you are just nice passing by the area, purposely detour just to see this road is not needed to me.
Underwhelmed
This really just felt like wasted time on the tour. These optical illusions can be found almost anywhere and is not a part of what I would consider makes Jeju-do a unique place to visit.Do yourself a favor and skip it.
Cool experience
So we are sat in the car, put on neutral mode and the car actually moved! This is a really cool experience and it only takes a minute to do- I have seen mysterious roads on the travel channel before but this was my first time doing it- if you find yourself on Jeju island check it out!
A quick stopover
Spending a good 10-15 mins would be enough for this site. It was fascinating. You should try rolling an empty bottle/can on the road and see it roll forward on a uphill road. (optical illusion).
Interesting experience if you are nearby
Firstly do not travel here for the sole purpose of this attraction otherwise you will be disappointed. Was around the area as I went to Loveland. The Korean GPS number gives you the wrong coordinates so follow my direction. When you exit Loveland turn left and it will be ~100m down. You need to drive further up past the point where it says start and make a U-turn in order to start the experience.
So mysterious!!
Due to the bad weather and rain, my friends and I just managed to experience the mysterious road inside our tour guide's car. The car is moving upward when our pretty tour guide turn off the car engine and the car keep moving up... If you have the chance, experience yourself!!!
Interesting.
Ok place . If schedule tight may skip the place. Nth special. Just a short vehicle rolling to upward slope.
Nothing much to rave about
Its a road with a convenience store beside it. Children would have fun to see how the water flows uphill but other then that not much else
Surprise
We went here by bus. We were not allowed to get off the bus. It might be a nice moment but not if you sit in the rear part of the bus.
Optical issue
Basically this is interesting place ... might be mystic but in fact it is optical fake which makes you thing that items go up to hill. In fact road still goes down.
Not worth
Not worth the long drive to find out the mysterious answer in less than a minute.  Is all within one eyesight !
MYSTERIOUS ROAD LOST ITS EFFECT??
We drove along mountainous route 1139 from SEOQWIPO to this place before heading to the airport.  We drove very slowly from the start to finish point and didn't feel the illusion effect.  Some said to see the effect one needs to roll a bottle on the road. I dunno.. i just drove on without stopping. I would however recommend those who drive to drive along route 1139 skirting the mountain and reaching the 1000m height.
Optical illusion
Interesting spot but nothing to WOW about, just an optical illusion so when you are traveling "up" the slope but in actual fact, you are going "down" a slope (a few degrees). Roll a bottle and you would be able to tell the difference.
Guess it would be cool if I had a car ...
I came here by bus .. so I waited for the bus and cars to go on neutral and watch them drive up he hill hands free.Some people poured water while other rolled a water bottle.Since this attaction takes less than 15 minutes, i would suggest also going the Jeju Art Museum next door :)
Family with young kids
Its indeed mysterious rd!! A kind that cannot be found anywhere else.. Very unique n puzzled s we did experimented few times from the start to the end...
Just a road.
If you're a free and easy traveller, I'll totally not recommend you to travel to see this mysterious road. If you're on a tour bus, this is an interesting experience.
Not worth your time
The only thing mysterious about it was what was worth the mystery of the road. If this is attraction worthy... Oh well. Some people are amused by the littlest things. Must be nice.
Mysterious....
Not a must-visit but it's good place to explore for first-timers. The stretch of road looks like it's uphill but rolling a water bottle will make it roll uphill instead of downhill. It's interesting to watch. Since I self-drive, there is no exact gps phone number for this but you can key in Loveland and you will see signboard to mysterious road. Parking here is free and there's a nearby convenience store and one can chill at caffe bene afterwards.
A normal sloped road
A normal sloped road which may not be worth it if you have limited time on jeju. A little over-hyped.
Mysterious Road
Unusual phenomena as our stationery car that was on neutral could roll upwards by itself. Other than that nothing to shout about
Unique road
I forgot why, but in this road even your car have been turn off , your car is still moving, but i forget the reason
Optical illusion street?
It is just a street; however, I was surprised when I put down my Evian bottle water n it started to roll by it self (fast enough) even though it was put on a flat street.
Mind Boggling
Spent no more than 30 mins. Witness how nature trick our mind. Looks as if it is an uphill road but in actual fact it is downhill. Have a bite at the stalls beside the road.
Sloppy  road
Nothing special about this road. Not recommended  just to travel there unless u got nothing else  to do.  Just some eyes  tricking stuff
Amazing
Curious a lot but not much time belong the legend story about this road is looking down n the cover of seems getting up by tree for side of this road. We tried to engine off and its moving forward, nice its like magic.
mysterious road 😁
Trying  this if you hire a car and drive thru it.basically turn to neutral gear, car will move eventually.suppose a down slope instead of up?Go experience it! is nearby Loveland.
Amazing experience
With regards as unable to download the recorded clip. Was a fun experience. Located just outside of Famous Love land. A start & end point we clearly shown.
Mysterious
The bus and car will still move while the enhine turns off. Use a bottle of mineral water to try. Just stop and try.
Only worthwhile as part of a tour package
It is only mildly interesting as part of a tour package which include this as a drive-through attraction.Plenty of cars & coaches stop & have their engines turned off to experience the "rolling uphill" mysterious effect.It is quite interesting to see how this phenomenon and the perception of the surrounding environment to the naked eyes has come so far to give birth to a tourist attraction. It could also double as a quick pit-stop to grab some snacks & skewers at the food store along the road.Hint: Get there, spend 5-10min walking one way forward, and then walking backward, or lay a half filled water bottle on the road, to crack this mystery.
A little mysterious but quite interesting
it is kind of mysterious to the naked eye but in real fact it is just your eyes playing tricks on you.  Interesting though
Not that special
If you have a lot of things you want to do in Jeju and are driving to do them, this is just kind of unnecessary. I actually had a hard time getting what I was supposed to do and once I did it I was like, meh, that was kind of a waste of time. Just keep driving to your next location.
Fun to do for 10 mins
Was fascinating to watch cars and buses stop and roll uphill. A skateboard would gave been useful. My insect repellent definitely rolled uphill for a bit.
Mildly interesting
Few hundred feet of road that makes you feel like your rolling uphill with the car in neutral.  Best is to begin at the start point from a full stop place the car in neutral and release the brake, the car will begin to roll very slowly and it appears that you are going up a slight incline.   I would not go out of my way for this... although I did.  If you have plenty of time or nothing to do because of rain then why not.
Unique
Couldn't believe eyes when the car started to go "uphill" even though the engine has been turned off. My son and nephews put a water bottle on the road and it rolled "uphill". Very unique
So mysterious
This road is a must place to visit. It is weird and so cool. You can experience something that you never see before. I recommend you to come to here if you visit jeju.
Science experiment
Bring half full water bottle and try to experience the car is moving uphill without engine running! Don't forget to give hazard signal when you try this experiment ;)
Small, but worth a visit
I have driven pass this place coincidentally It's quite unique place, worth a visit. A few shops, restaurants, café, and street food markets.
Only if you have plenty of time
We stop here on the way to the airport. It's quiet interesting experience when the car moves. Can't help laughing inside the car as the power is off but it still moves.
Uphill the Mysterious road on Neutral
Put your rented car on neutral going "uphill" and experience it. Mysterious probably because for most it’s a baffling experience having your car in neutral but going uphill, backwards or forward – hands off the wheel and feet off that pedal. The place is on the way to Jusangjeolli by way of the Mount Halla route from Jeju town. 5-10 minutes (no crowd here) and you have covered one of the “touristy” sites in Jeju. A woman attempted to see what would happen with a plastic water bottle placed on the road, nothing did.  Why would any vehicle with so much metals built into it got pulled but not a plastic bottle? Go figure. I have encountered a similar experience at a site in Saudi Arabia near Madinah which has a longer stretch for that “mysterious” experience.
Impressive but too short
Just like everyone already mentioned, the road is indeed mysterious as the car would really move uphill on its own. However, it is only a very short stretch of the road. But I would still recommend it if you are self-driving and it's your first time in Jeju. Definitely, something you have to experience.You can also head to the museums that is nearby too after going to this road.
Mysterious?
It is indeed mysterious as to why this spot is named as mysterious road and promoted as such (there are road signs giving directions to the spot in the city).  I think the road is not steep enough so that when the car is put to neutral, it goes too slow to create an impressive illusion.
Maybe good for family with kids
The place is good only for families with little children.Kids will be excited about the fact that a  car(or bottle) seems to go up on downhill. However, for adults? Not really...If u have plenty of time to spend on the road.
Kind of odd.
Drove to this portion of road after Mount Hallasan.  There is a sign that says "start of Mysterious Road", but it neglects to tell you to put your car in neutral at that point.  We didn't do it and were wondering what the big deal was.  After having waited in a slowdown of cars we decided that we didn't want to try again.  Had a great laugh!
Amazing!
It's the magic of science that explains all what a human naked eye cannot see or realize if not explained. Must see this magic trick of earth's wonder. RockNroll!
A fun out door illusion
Not a must visit, though a spot of fun if you have 15 minutes free as your vehicle seemingly rolls its way 'up' a hill.
Fun iĺlusion
We intentionally left town on an alternate route so that we could see this road, and it was well worth the extra few minutes. Follow the directions and have fun! If you want to view the road correctly, then pull into the parking lot behind the pig monuments :-)
mysterious
if you go by walk don't bother to go there, you can't notice anything apart from cars driving very slow
Mysterious Road!
It is really a mysterious road!!! It is a upslope. However when u off engine, the car will move dwn by itself
A brief stop on our trip
Our tour guide took us there and the road ahead seemed to be uphill when viewing from our tour bus. Our driver then put the bus in neutral gear and amazingly our bus moved slowly up (actually down) the road by itself.  An interesting optical illusion.
Fun to visit it if it is on your way
To experience something different something unique not know how the car keeps going with the Engine turned off.  We did it on our way over and our way back to the hotel.  It was fun to see all the tourist on the roads waiting to see each car going without the start of the engine.
Very close to the main road for a quick visit.
Our driver/tour guide took us here on the way back to the hotel. Actually, he said it was his first time there as well. My 17-year old son and I felt the uphill rolling and it was a weird feeling. Not sure why it was doing it, but we saw some tourists pouring water on the pavement and watching the water rolling uphill. Many years ago, I took my son to a similar "mystery road" in Manzanillo, Mexico. Back then, may be he was too young to feel it, or may be I was a terrible tour guide, but this time he finally got it. So, it was fun for us to take the quick detour and had some laughs.  Oh, and it was free and there are road signs tell you how to experience the "mystery".
Not that cool, but worth it if on the way.
We had no plans to see this, but on our way to the airport, we stumbled upon it. Put the car in neutral and slowly rolled "up hill". We laughed for the 15 second experience and went on our way. Certainly not worth going out of the way to get there.
Amazing
You put your car gear on neutral without stepping on the accelerator, the car will move by itself even though the road is flat. There is 7-11 next to it. Within 5 minutes walk is The Loveland.
Optical Illusion
Put your vehicle on neutral and it will seemingly be rolling uphill. Very intriguing.Unable to figure out how it happened but definitely have something to do with the way the trees were planted along the road.
Need to drive in order to have a full experience
Drive yourself to the 100m stretch of road. When see the "start" marker, put your gear to neutral and you will notice that the car is moving forward even as you are going uphill without engaging any gear. Pretty interesting short experience.
Wow, explain that!
Arrived and saw many tourist came by bus just to check out the road. We tried with our car and it really goes up the hill with free gear. A place shouldn't be missed if driving from jeju city to seogwipo.
Similar to Mystery Spot in Santa cruz just a little weaker
The car can move uphill in neutral gear. Water will flow uphill. Ball will roll up hill. These are the things that happen in mysterious Road.
Mysterious magnetic field road?
This place near Sex Land, our chauffeur driver show us (by turning off the machine) that the car still able to move even the machine is completely off.
5-10 min. With bathroom
Only works in one direction. Good pit stop bathroom is next to it. It was cool. 5-10 minutes. Pretty area. Cute, fun, short and quick. If you just want to try something different and free, this might be a little fun if you are already in the area south west-ish  of jeju city.
puzzling...
the engine of the bus I am in was switch-off and yet it continue to move upwards.. only a stretch of about 250m of road.... a bottle of mineral water seems to roll upwards too...most puzzling was a bus moves up faster than a sedan car...simply strange...
MYSTERIOUSLY AMAZING!
Your few minutes here are worth it! It is a short mystery road wherein vehicles are moving by itself. Optical illusion or not, it is still mysterious! Most tourist visit this! You should also try and see for your self.
A real mystery! Best tried with car!
There's a starting point and ending point, that shows this mysterious road's gravitational force. Many went with tour buses but it's best to experience this in your own rented car! Switch to neutral and let the mystery begin!
Mysteryyyyyyyyyyyy!
I was here with my family. Thinking what is so mysterious about this road? Its just a road, with nature on the sides. It’s just another “normal” road. Sigh, a total waste of time.Until I reach the place, I was blown away! Not because of the strong wind (I was there when it was raining heavily with strong winds), but the mysterious part of this road. I was told to stay in the car, to witness the mystery of this road. The engine got turned off, hand brake was let gone, brakes were let gone too, the car automatically went up the slope by itself!It is a new experience here for me in Jeju, a totally worth of time to visit!
Defying gravity?? Omo!!
We really had to experience the mysterious behind this road, car/vehicle in neutral gear and it shifts upward the hilly road! Amazing, mashaAllah!
It's just a very distance
Today me and other guest are very lucky that the hostel owners very kind and friendly gave us a ride back to hostel, on the way back, he just de route to show us this place which near to love land, it's just a very short distance which the road seems like is going up slop, but, when the car put on free gear at the starting point, the car is actually keep moving on downhill. Visitors having fun by placing drinking water bottles on the road and let the bottle roll on its own. Personally, nothing very special, its just kind of illusions optic.
Up
The car drives  up the road by itself! Great fun. ( visual effect)It only works one way. You need to drive in neutral towards the shops. If you arrived from Jejusi do a U turn after the shops to experience the effect. The effect is quite spectacular with a water bottle placed in the middle of the road. You will see clearly the bottle rolling up.
Bizarre experience!
This road is really a mystery, Indeed am intrigued by this stretch of the road as your car on free gear can move by itself. definitely worth to try this road out if you have a car just for the fun of it.
Interesting!
It was interesting place with the thinking of what the hell we are going uphill when we are suppose to go downhill...real mysterious road. It our eye that doing the illusion. This is a must when u are in JeJu.
Clever tourism
It's amazing how enterprising the locals (or promoters of tourism) have been! Without spoiling for others, and if you are into 'problem solving' give it a go! Our coach drove pass the road and we were asked to solve the mystery!!! Bit of fun.
Nothing much
I drove there so we could feel the effect. However if you're not, it's not as interesting as it seems to be.
5 mins thrill just for fun
As my title states, 5 mins thrill just for fun but the thrill is only for the driver or people who drive.
have to experience th
Best way is to go to the starting point (where it's steepest and most deceptive).  Make sure that there's no car or people behind you, put car in N, then release your brake too, to see you and your car going backwards UP the hill.
Lost it's magic?
We had a hard time locating the exact spot and drove around a few times. It was also a foggy day which made it worse. When we finally reached the sign that shows the start point, we tried to see if the car would defy gravity but it didn't. We tried twice. It was really a short stretch of road and we gave up. Sad. Perhaps we should go with a guide next time.
Mysterious indeed~~
It was really amazing to witness the mystery~ Cool experience that you won't get it elsewhere~ Go and witness the mystery yourselves~~
Just mysterious
It was so cool and mysterious. Very interesting experience in Jeju island. You have to have a car to experience the mystery. Don't forget to turn on hazard light!
A free stuff, fun if you drive your car
Here is the best was to try the experience of climbing up the hill Come from the loveland (from the north) and stop at what seems to the bottom of the hill (there will be a sign on the other sign of the road)Stop your car, go in neutral put you warning signals on.Make sure there is no pedestrian and car behind you and release the break The car will start climbing the hill in reverse mode It is a bit dangerous as there are lot of pedestrian and potential drivers that dont understand what you are doing but really the best way to experience the illusion
Interesting
Cool experience. Not too hard to figure out the mystery but fun! We had a taxi hired and she drove us to the spot and turned off the engine and the car was rolling uphill! I loved it when she did it backwards. Pretty trippy. wouldn't go out of the way to see it but Loveland is literally right next to it so you might as well!
marvellous
want to see magic?pls come & experience the wonderful nature of a defying gravity experience. every movable objects will easily goes up if the hill
Interesting
It's very near to Loveland. Interesting to see the car roll forward upslope. Start on the south, towards Jeju city. Length of the road is quite short, maybe 50m?
Interesting to see when passing by
We just stumbled across this attraction when visiting somewhere else. There was quite a few people there and people seemed to be very interested in the mysterious road. We didn't try driving on it, we just stood and watched the cars.Basically it's a road with a slope, but the cars roll backwards up the slope with the engine turned off. It was quite intriguing to witness and I would definitely recommend seeing it if you are in the area. I wouldn't travel ages to see it though. Right next to the Mysterious Road is street food and drinks if hungry!
Interesting
We got our tour from rakso travel most of the filipino tourist are with the whole family. Mystery road is quite interesting for the whole group but  you can spend 30 mins there after the demonstration and a little discussion all is good to go.
Very mysterious!
I found the second part of the drive more interesting and mysterious. The second part is having the car on neutral and it mysteriously reversing. You have to experience it for yourself! Doesn't take too much time of your day.
Interesting road, but not really that worth it
It is an interesting road and we had a car so we can do it a few times. I would say that if you are not going in that direction, there is no need to drive there specially for it.
What a different experience
If I hadn't done this myself I don't think I would have believed it.  You look like you are ascending up this road when the car is in neutral you actually roll down it! It's a MUST DO if you come to Jeju.
DID WE MOVE?????  I FELT SOMETHING!!!!
This is just another roadside attraction where you stop your car on a road and if you're lucky and the wind is blowing your car will seem to roll up hill. You might think that the world is about to end or that little green men have finally arrived but, it is just an optical illusion. The lay of the land and the slope of the road is all it is. If you're driving past it wouldn't hurt to stop and check it out. Just a few minutes is all you need. If you stop by keep an open mind and don't expect too much. It might help if you have a few drinks before you go, (but no drinking and driving).What is a mystery to me is who discovered it and how and why?
No big deal
A road built with a surroundings with a slight downhill slope which appear to be uphill. Its just an optical illusion. No big deal.
5mins for experience
Just take 5mins so why not? :) come and experience it, though it is not really a mystery anymore as science has it clarified.
The road that defiles gravity
Interesting experience  as we we pull to neutral gear, release the accerator, the car just go forward, upwards. The mysterious road is short, we made a few rounds. There is a car park where you turn in to go a few rounds if you wanted to. We tried the  same stretch to road after the end point. The car just go backward on the upward facing slope.
If you have nothing to do, go there
We went there with a bus group, they organized a lot of activities and Mysterious road was one of these. We found out it's too crowded and there's nothing to see and to do, it's normal street, they said that the cars will move without a driver, but you can't see it or feel it, just the driver feels that. overall don't go there if specially for the street if it's on your way or you are with a group it's okay.
Nothing much
Experience⭐⭐⭐⭐Time worth⭐⭐⭐This attraction is basically a road. Just a road. With mysterious powers. Go there yourself to see if it's really that great because when we went to the mysterious road the bus driver switched off the engine and the bus continued moving along the road without any power. Mysterious. Aha. I don't know what's so fun about this road but I'll just give it a 4⭐ rating
Interesting visual effect, affecting judgement
This is an interesting short stretch of a public road, but only within the designated posts.  You can feel the elevation, but visually it was conflicted.  But watch out for traffic though. A 30 min will suffice.
Try it yourself!
You will have to try it youself to experience it! Tried it with a water bottle but it doesn't work. Tried it with a car and shifted to neutral, the car will ascend the inclining road. Quite interesting but will be bored after 5 minutes.
Not worth it at all!
I was with a local Korean friend that didn't understand himslef what the fuss was all about... Unless it's on your way you can skip it!
Optical illusion
We were there on a tour bus, the trick to this road is actually from the surrounding which trick your eyes into believing that you are going up hill when in fact the slope is going downhill. Only go to this place if you are part of the tour otherwise waste of time.
Dont visit unless on a tour.
Was on YEHA bus tour (which is really great), but this particular place is not that special. Do not spend any time going here unless it is included in some tour package. Basically a road where stuff kind-a sort-a roll upwards but not really.I was more interested of the over-priced street food and the pig statues down the road.
Do some experiments
It's just a road, but if you want to make it interesting, do some experiment on it. Get out of your vehicle, and try walking down/up the road. Or test the road by pouring water/ walk inversely. We enjoyed it!
Don't waste time
Really nothing, if you don't focus, it's just another roadUnless you have spare time. Else I will recommend to skip it. Don't even know realize we were there
Amazing but transport is an issue
Needs to be in a vehicle to enjoy this amazing experience, though we also pour water on the road to see how it flow "uphill". Noticed local bus tour also pass through this attraction, but I'm not sure if they will allow the passengers to get off the bus and do the experiment.
Really Interesting
Really Really Interesting!  Don't know the reason why but it's really interesting and worth to go and see.
Optical illusion
Basically nothing much here. The road seemed to be uphill and when the engine of the vehicle is switched off, it will "roll uphill". However, it is a natural optical illusion, and the road is actually downhill. Spend not more than 15mins here if you drive as the road is just about 50 metres. Also, the "rolling down" phenomenon only works on large vehicles like buses or truck. Small saloon cars will not encounter the "rolling uphill" effect.
Optical illusion
The main culprit for this optical illusion is the fence. Be sure to bring water bottle with you and let it roll.
Really mysterious road
Very interesting road that the car or bus or water bottle can walk by themself without anything, very weird
Not bad. Optical illusion.
It is one of a few place with optical illusion on the slop of the road. First time seen this kind of scene.If anyone had any experience at other country. I guess it is just the same.
Fun Stop While Driving
This is a fun place to stop and spend about a half hour or so.  The road in this section appears to defy gravity.  Not sure of the reason why, but is very interesting to see the car go backwards while facing downhill.  There are some interesting exhibits and statues, along with shops, nearby.
Fun
Get your mind going with this one. Make sure to have a round ball or bottle with you. Just try and figure it out.lol
optical illusion, not worth the drive
Possibly the only amazing thing about this "attraction" is the number of tourists it attracts. It is mildly amusing to see the road apparently sloping in the opposite direction, but not really worth the drive to get there - only plan a visit if you're going somewhere else nearby, such as Loveland.I was in a car with 3 other people and I was the only one who could see the illusion, so be aware that not everybody can see it.
MUST VISIT!
It's a must go place, you will see how gravity works differently. Really enjoy "playing" around this area. hahaha.. Just go and play! :)
Optical dilusion, tricky yet interesting however
Travelled on September using the busdaytour. Its strange in this 100meter road, how it seemed to be going up, but yet though our bus' machine has been turned off, our bus seems to be going up, in about 5-10km/hour. Jeju people called this the ghost road, where they say that the ghosts are pushing us up.
Strange and Unexplainable
Our guide brought us to this place, let us alight and asked us to observe the strange phenomenon. He switched off the car engine and we saw the car still moving uphill without the engine switched on. He then demonstrated by pouring a bottle of water at one spot along the road and we could see the trail of water wriggled its way uphill without the application of any external interferences. The phenomenon was strange and unexplainable. Was it that a magnetic force beneath the earth on this road had triggered off that momentum? My guide did not explain and I could not find any explanation on any of the signboards around the vicinity. I remembered few years back when I was in Shanghai, I visited the mausoleum of the great Chinese revolutionary martyr, Song Qingling which was located at the western part of the city. Prior to her demise, she had requested that her body be buried at this cemetery site beside her late parents, the influential and rich Song family. I was astonished to learn from our tour guide and saw with my own eyes the strange phenomenon of the cypress and pine trees planted around the mausoleum was bending inwards and downwards from all angles towards the direction of the cemetery site where her body was buried. It was not just the left rows of trees, not just the right rows of trees but the trees planted at all the other corners surrounding the rectangular burial plot that were seen pointing inwards and downwards with the focus at the burial ground. The lush green trees appeared like bodyguards saluting, bending their heads and standing humbly for her directions. My guide informed us that the cemetery was a specially chosen grand and auspicious geomancy burial ground and that account for the strange phenomenon. The Chinese believed that if your body is buried on an auspiciously good Fengshui geomancy chosen ground, your future generations will benefit and prosper. I am not an expert in Fengshui and was hoping to get a scientific explanation for the weird phenomenon. Right here, at this strange mysterious road in Jeju, I was also trying to observe if the trees growing around the vicinity of the mysterious road bend towards and focused at the core center where the strange phenomenon occurred but I could not see what I saw at Song Qingling's mausoleum. Both strange phenomenon seemed to be unrelated in their nature and in terms of scientific theory of explanation that a strong magnetic force beneath the earth is in operation. The `Bermuda Triangle' is also another unexplainable phenomenon whereby it was unexplainable as to where so many ships vanished in strange occurring environment. I had watched a Chinese TV series on science whereby the film director sought to provide scientific explanations to the many strange `unexplainable' and `supernatural' phenomenon around China. I really hope that some days, the same film director could incorporate the strange phenomenon that occurred at this mysterious road, the ship vanishing Bermuda Triangle and that of the Song Qingling's burial site in his series and provide a scientific theoretical explanation for the weird occurrence. The visit to this mysterious road had triggered off my curiosity and I left the place, confused and thinking of the limits in science.
fun trip . a must
excellent, very interesting road. not sure if your coming or going, a lot of fun to try to figure out. great roadside amenities.
what??? it really is true
amazing and unbelievable, but true. was the most extraordinary thing I have seen in a long time. makes you rub your eyes to ensure you seeing what you seeing
A place to remember
It was great to see the vehicle moving while turned off. I recommend whoever visiting this place to read the scientific explanation to add a benefit to enjoyment. On the other hand, I was told that there are other mysterious roads in other countries that make the cars move faster and harder. If it is near to a place you're already going then I think you should have a look, it won't take much time.
Nothing really special
Our car machine was turned off by our driver and then it slowly moved on. I don't really get why this was recommended by our driver. I had this kind of experience in other country before, so I felt there was nothing really special for it. And it is not that mysterious after all, it has an explanation behind it.. But if you had never tried a similar experience, maybe it is okay to give it a try.
yes it was a mysterious hahahahaa
Actually the road has a huge magnet inside well we do not know is it natural or human does it....still mysterious....but we had the sensation when the engine stopped the car is moving
Cutesy and magical feel at Jeju Mysterious Road
We were asked to put our car in neutral gear and be amazed! The road appeared to be flat but what transpired next had us in transfixed.We were figuring out the science behind it.It was all over quickly but was fun while it lasted......just like a magic show!
Jaw dropping phenomenon
We drove around Jeju and decided to give this thing a go cos we didn't believe it would be possible. So we reached the road and there were signs that told you that its the starting. So all you have to do is to put your car in neutral gear and release the accelerator at the starting point and watch your friend's jaw drop. Recommended to visit together with Jeju Loveland as its just 3 minutes driave away. Admission at 8000 won per pax. pricey but its a pretty interesting visit XD
Visit
Good experience. Pull over your car once arrived in the road and enjoy the experience.  On your way to loveland you will pasd over the road.
Jeju....visit!
Our first visit to this magical island. Such a beautiful place, weather was great, people were friendly. Hope to return.
Disbelievers will be Converted - Must Experience the Mystery
Your Eyes will tell you one thing. Your experience will tell you another. All in less than 10 minutes.An this is not part of 'Alive' or 'Trick Art Museum'.Although this peculiar stretch of road in Jeju is only about 100 metres long, it really does draw in the crowds.  I arrived there as a skeptic. My wife have read the brochures and blogs about that place. But I was persuaded to be there. Following the instructions:1. drive car to start point, indicated by a stone pillar on the side of the road.2. engage Neutral Gear3. switch off engine4. disengage all brakes (foot and hand brakes)5. sit and relax as you feel your car roll UPHILL!Outside you you will see tour-leaders and other disbelievers coming out with all kinds of theories and proofs. They have their "spirit-levels" (as contactors carry) and cans of soft drinks to, without external force, roll uphill.All this in 5-10 mins.  Figure out HOW for yourself.
Mysterious  :-)
"Mysterious" road or optical illusion ? Go there and judge by yourself. It is not worth to go just for this attraction so combine it with visiting other places.
Optical illusion road
As a part of our school's field trip program, we went to the one of the known attraction in Jeju-do which is the Jeju mysterious road. While inside of the bus, our tour guide asked the driver to turn the engine off. Our tour guide pointed out that even though the engine is turned off, the bus still continues to move "way up". But in reality, our bus moved downwards. It was like an optical illusion. For me, this attraction is not that amazing, just a normal road. On a positive note, if you have a lot of time to spend in the island, give it a try and experience the illusion.
Good for a pass through
Considering this is a FOC attraction, its not too bad at all.  Basically, you start at the stone pillar (which say start point).  Engage to neutral gear and lift off the pedals.  Your car will gradually roll forward, even though the gradient seems to be be positive.  This "attraction" should take no longer than 10 minutes.
It's actually quite interesting
It's actually quite interesting as the road seems like an uphill slope but vehicles will move forward (slowly) without turning on their engine. It’s some sort of an optical illusion i suppose. But you can’t really see it from the side actually. It just.. seems like a normal road lolIf you are around the area, you can drop by to take a look.For full review: http://wanderer.summeree.com/travel/korea/jeju/the-mysterious-road/
Mystery? Or just and illusion?
Cars and buses usually demonstrate this seemingly mysterious trick. They have their engines turned off at the beginning of the road stretch (there's an indicated sign). And while the engines are off, it seemingly feels and looks like there's this "mysterious force" pulling the vehicles towards the end of the road. Civilians also use a water bottle and place it on the road surface. Mimicking the vehicles, it too would roll towards the end of the road. Just like the saying goes, looks can be deceiving. Optical illusion is what it is.
Just OK
The Mysterious Road is a little bit overrated I guess. Its just a road that has an optical illusion. You cannot really see the different it makes also. So, I would say it's just average place to visit here if you have extra time.
Interesting Optical Illusion
Interesting optical illusion. Most busses and car will stop at this stretch (near to 100m - 200m) to demonstrate this trick. However i felt it is quite unsafe as alot tourist are standing beside the road and some will try trick on their own like rolling bottle in the middle of road. Just around 5 mins walk to Loveland and around 20 mins taxi ride from jeju city.
Just like an optical illusion
Visiting this place remind me such a same road in East Java with the same phenomenon. But I think that this is just an optical illusion created by Korean artist. This is my opinion : the trees and things on both sides was uniquely designed to give an image that the road seem to slope upward though it really slope downward.
It's just an optical illusion, and an obvious one
I went on a tour group to Jeju. The bus arrived at the Mysterious Road, all of us were waiting eagerly in anticipation of what's about to come (after hearing so much hype about it). Looking out the window, I saw a little kid on the street place a plastic bottle on the tarmac, and it looked like it was rolling up hill at first, but because of the way the bus was angled along the road, I was quick to discern that it was a mere optical illusion.As our bus reached the front of the 'queue', our driver switched off the engine, and slowly, but surely, our bus picked up speed. It was interesting as it was the first time I sat in a vehicle with it's engine switched off, THAT WAS IT. I looked out the front panel, and we were obviously going downhill, as I could not even see the sky (just trees whizzing by our bus).I'm guessing it only looks like you're going uphill from certain angles. Thankfully, we didn't spend too much time there, and off we went to our next destination!
Nothing much, but worth experiencing for first timers
Our route would allow us to pass by the mysterious road. We stopped, and you can see the road is going uphill. Our bus driver turned off the engine, and slowly, the bus started moving by itself, as if being pulled by gravity.
Be patient
My friends werent so patient and didnt give it time it needed to really look like you were rolling up hill.  Plus there were a lot of cars coming up the road honking at us to get out of the way even though the road was a side street to prevent that from happening.  Overall it seems like a big fuss for little payoff
Mysterious Road
Witnessing at the scene, I could not believe my eyes that car's engine is switched off and empty bottle can rolled uphill.  Something that I cannot explain.  This is really mysterious.
Interesting
Very interesting for the first time. The local guide told us they name this road as "monster road" cos locals belive there is a invisible monster playing with the cars that's why the car move forward when uphill even stop engine. Great experience
Nice first time experience
This works better for coaches, small cars might not see the "magic" so obvious. We tried using water bottles and it worked. Quite fun and it's really amazing. But it only takes 10 mins to view this attraction, nothing much.
Interesting to see
It's an illusion so you have to see it to understand. Quite interesting and also funny to see all cars stopping their engine to slide down the slope.
Magic
Turn off the car engine, release the brakes and the car moves by itself. Up the tiny slope. It is something very unique which you do not normally experience. Nothing fanciful but definately interesting.We were at night with minimal cars so our driver being a fun guy did it with the car facing front, then backwards.
A mysterious road
A road seems to be uphill, but it is in fact a downhill. The driver shut off the engine at the 'downhill' but the car moves itself towards the 'uphill' without the help of anyone. Fun fact by tour guide: This mysterious incident was discovered by a taxi driver when he intend to take a leak at the roadside and found out the car moves itself towards the uphill after he stopped the car.
Cool experience
Actually I didn't know about this road until the Jeju Golden Bus City Tour ticket lady excitedly explained this strange phenomenon about the bus being able to move on its own while on neutral gear.So those on the Jeju Golden Bus Tour don't really have to go out of the way to see this mysterious road. It's just before the Jeju Museum of Art stop.
Fascinating!
Have heard the famous mysterious road in Korean dramas. Have read the story behind it as well; and was so happy to see it for myself. Won't hurt to drop by if it's on your way! 👍
don't go there unless you are going to the Sex Museum too.
overrated spot with overcrowded visitors and cars trying to test out the slope. but in fact it is just some form of landscape optical illusion. So unless you are popping by the sex museum too, there's no point going all the way to see this small stretch of road.
Ok to go if on your way
The trick worked for the car but not for other objects that we kept on the road. Not worth the trip unless on your way. There are a few cafes around that place so can be a stopover. Was not very crowded.
Fascinating... no idea how!
Really fascinating as impossible to work out how/why, son loved it  :-). We took a day tour with private driver, this was one of our stops
Good to go, just once
You need to see it once as an experience.There was not much to do except sit in the bus and watch the bus slowly moving upwards (looks like it). There is a stopover by the side of the road that sells food and snacks.
A road
Maybe we travel in morning with foggy weather, the illusion of the slope of the road make it mysterious. Not very interested.
Really interesting!
First, the name was really eye-catching. Everyone wouldn't deny that. The road was short, doesn't even reach 1km. Although we have read the explaination on how come everything that were put on the road will be rolling upside the hill, not downwards (this is the mystery), we were really excited as we turned our gear to neutral, and the car keep going upward by itself. It was fun :)We also drip by walnut pie cafe just beside the road. It was delicious!!
Amazing or not? You have to experience it by your own.
It's a 100m road whereby majority of the tourists are fascinated by this mysterious road. All the drivers will put it on neutral gear on the "starting point" and you find the car moving up but the road looks like incline. A short stop is given and you can have a good photo shoot over there. Most of the tour guide will tell you the truth behind this mysterious road and you will realise that " Things really cannot be judge by it's appearance." Beside the Mysterious Road, there are a few stall selling some snacks. You must go to the first stall which is near to the ending point of the mysterious road, and try their strawberries. It's the most fresh strawberry i have ever seen and eat! It's a must to try.
Mysterious road
Majority of tourists are fascinated by this mysterious road as all drivers will put it on neutral gear and you find the car moving to everyone's delight.A short stop is given and you can have a good photo shoot of it and its surrounding sights.
This will freak you amazing
We where on the way to the Love Park, then suddenly our driver passed it by some 20 metres. He stopped the car with the 5 of us in it, we were facing up hill, he turned of the engine, took the handbrake off, put the car in neutral and I kid you not we rolled UP the hill???I am told it's obvious its an optical illusion but amazed us!! It's free by the way, it's just a normal road
Worth the visit? Doubt it!
Sorry, guys if i am a bit skeptical for this kind of attraction.  For me, and perhaps for some others, it is just an optical illusion.  No surprise on that....lol.I watched closely the power lines running alongside the street and the top of the trees alignment you might be able to see that the street is actually going down and not up, giving an impression that the bottle is rolling upwards....  As the old saying states, "the law of gravity still applies everywhere on earth".  It was quite crowded when i was there, and needed to be a bit careful when people were trying to walk backwards whilst buses and cars were trying to pass by on that narrow street.  There are few food stalls as well.
Its truely Mysterious
A good place. It is very near to jeju love land and it just looks like any other normal road but when you go there you will see the mystery of your car moving by itself without the external and engine force. Also there is a very scenic view around road. Had nice fun.
Really eye-opening!
We were very impressed with what happened, and it was really an eye-opener for us! After we drove down the mysterious road, our guide let us get off to watch the other cars in action, and it was really interesting!
"Not very obvious"
I was very excited to see that road, but when you are in the car the feeling is not as obvious as you may imagine. Worth visiting but nothing spectacular
Nothing but a road
So i understand that the optical illusion was interesting, but there is literally nothing here. If you go here, you should only spend not more than 10 minutes. Take a pic in the road sign, buy a snack if you want, and be done with it..
Interesting but not appealing
The slopes at this area created an optical illusion.  That's is.  Drive there and simply wait for a tour bus to arrive and observe where they switch off their engines. Do the same.  After which, loiter around the snack stalls and every few minutes, a tour guide would demonstrate with a bottle of water how gravity defies nature (illusion).  That's all this place offers.
Over-hyped
Nothing that fantastic unless you are the one driving. The road is also only approximately 150metres long. Difficult to feel the gravity on human body/walking. Test using a vehicle or can/bottle/water poured on the road. The better deviation is Black pork stall manned by samurai-looking chefs. Mouth-watering black pork BBQ. Nice ice ball dessert nearby as well.
interesting stop...
It isn't worth travelling all the way but if you are passing by it is an interesting stop. The optical illusion is really amazing. It looks like we are climbing uphill without any help. You can even try by placing a can or bottle or even water. Place is rather crowded though. Seem to be a common tourist stop for most with lots of buses.
Fun Simple Sight
We visited this site with a group of friends.Everybody had their own take on the mysterious road and all had their theories. A quick visit to the internet would provide the answer. However, this all detracts from the pure fun of the site itself. However, part of the fun is discussing the "mystery" of the road.The site is a simple narrow two-lane road. It is not huge. There is plenty of parking for visitors to stop and examine the surroundings.  There are snack stalls along the road where refreshments and some simple snacks can be bought. I noticed some posts on TA that say this is a "tourist trap". I do not see how this would be the case as nobody is forced to buy or pay for anything.  Anything we bought was food, which, to me, does not seem to be predatory on tourists. In fact, I was hungry and thirsty and was happy to purchase some cooked local yams and cool refreshment. There are tourist traps on the island, but this is not one of them.Having said the above, the attraction is not a major development and is not meant to be a huge event to take up one's itinerary. It is a fun and simple site to visit which can be added to the list of places to visit when in Jeju.
Very interesting sight
The sight was really intersting - the car really moves up the hill. Though, the place was a bit crowded.
Really
Was curious and it was on our way. We drove it twice to be sure we didnt miss something. It was also difficult to tell if we were in the right place. Then we saw a large group in the middle of the road and figured it out.
Not worth to go
It is not worth to go. Instead, Enjoy hiking around the island. Breathtaking ocean views and fresh air, you won't forget.Juju is very very beautiful island. I always dream to go back.
More like meh-syterious.
It isn't very hard to locate this stretch of road, since you'll see numerous other tourists conducting their own experiments along the road, be it with the help of a rented vehicle, an empty beverage can, or simply water.Is the stretch of road as mysterious as it claims to be? It depends. If you're the kind of person who couldn't be bothered with science, optical illusions and whatnot, you'd be better off checking out the snack shops nearby, observing the other tourists and their interesting behavior, or skipping this place altogether.However, if you've always been interested in physics and seemingly unexplainable phenomenons which you know are actually explainable, give yourself an hour or more to thoroughly check this place out. Photography lovers may also deem this place worth their time.The bottom line? If you're heading to another tourist attraction (e.g. Hallasan) and it's on the way, and you have time to spare, feel free to check this place out. Otherwise, don't bother.
Just to know and experience
Do your experiment there and then have some snacks, the snacks stalls are more interesting actually.
the Ups and Downs of Travel
It is fun to watch others here - a great people watching place.  To see masses of tourists walking backwards on what is really a busy road is great for fun and photos.  Sit outside at one of the lpocak food places - order some beers and snacks and enjoy the quirky road.  Good for an hour or so including lunch.
Another eyes illusions
First some people said it is "Mystic" supranatural thing but actually it's only a trick eyes illusions that twisted out logical thinking. The road looks like going uphill and makes the car or bus like climbing moving forward againts the gravity. When we saw from the end of the road, yes the road is going downhill not the opposite around. Well, still it's amazing thing to experience!
Crazy Optical Illusion
Yes, i understand that this was an optical illusion nothing mystery with this road...but, i just can't believe it. My mind could accept that this only illusion, it looks so real...i believe most of you tourist also have the same feel...i was 100% amazed by this road and until today i still can't believe it.
just spend 15 minutes here
mysterious and unique road!! even a bus can climb itself without start the engine! they have remark the start and end of the mysterious road. enjoy the experiance by stay in your can while your car climb the hill without its engine.. seeing, feel it to believe it by yourself!
mysterious road is amazing
after we arrived in mysterious road we tested with this way .the car engine is off and the road is up hill but the car is going up not going down.amazing
Insane Phenomenon
Everything rolls backwards on that 50m of road! We tried it with our car without its engine, and then with a bottle of water.. It works all the same! Takes about 10 mins to experience it.. Seeing is Believing!
Good
How they get the cars, coaches etc up the hill with the engine switched off is a bit of a mystery,I thought some kind of electro-magnetic set up under the road, then if that's the case when people poured water onto the middle of the road surface, why did the water go uphill and not downhill. Do not think it is an optical illusion as it certainly was a hill that went up and down, I walked it !.
Sight and perception
Seems the name of the road has some psychological effect on the tourists. Is it mystery or reality? Hope anyone who is a land surveyor can throw some light on this with the appropriate surveying equipment or we need a long specially made spirit level to verify the inclination of the road. Without it, the so-called 'mysterious' is purely perception. By the way, there is a grave-yard nearby which adds to its spookiness.
Not all that
Apart from being on a tourist bus, the attraction left a lot to be desired. Not one of my favorite attractions at all.
Not fresh
Was in car driving through this path.Similar roads can be found in mainland China places too,  but children may like.
Short but interesting
The road really does appear to be going uphill.  We've visited it several times since we live on Jeju.
Wow!
You will not believe your eyes.  We started at the "Start" sign, put the car in Neutral, and coasted up hill.  Unbelievable.
Just an optical illusion
It's basically an optical illusion, where it appears to be upslope, but it's actually going downhill. All the drivers there will switch off the engine an let the car run down the road by itself. It's only worth seeing if you so happen to pass by this road.
Good fun rolling in the car :)
My husband had a great time switching to neutral gear and switching off the car engine... haha,,,we went back and forth 3x before he had enough fun.. that was after i said i think we should GOOOO... we tried with empty bottles and pouring water.. but it didn't work.. I think the bottles need to be filled before it can roll upwards...If ur in a tour bus it's probably no fun.. but when u are the driver of the car and experiencing phenomena, it is indeed great fun!!! we made the car roll backwards btw >.<
Mysterious Road aka "Ghost Road"
The Mysterious Road is an interesting to visit while in Jeju and don't need to pay. The Bus Driver show that even with the engine stopped, the bus still able to move forward. The visit won't take too much of the time, just interestingly an eye illumination.
Illusions
Our tour bus driver parked the bus along the road,and stopped the engines. In a little while, the bus started moving forward. As pointed out by our tour guide, we have to take note of the inclination of the trees lining the road, which gives the impression that the road is uphill. So,that's it!As in any tour, one has to keep an open mind, curious to learn about the lives and culture of the place being visited, as well as the different places of interest.
A mysterious road
Basically, this is just an eye illumination. You see a uphill road but actually it's a downhill road and vice versa. What you have to do is just let your car in N mode, then you will see the magic. Or you can get down from your car, and put a bottle on the road in a laying position. It's quite interesting because you can hardly find this kind of natural eye illumination.
Worth a couple of your minutes
Don't go out of your way for this. It's fun for a few minutes but that's about it. Our driver did the usual - setting the gear to N and let the mysterious power posses the vehicle - and repeated it with a bottle of water. Bring a packet of marbles. There's awesomeness in numbers.
A place where optical illusion defies gravity
We took a taxi to this road. The driver spoke limited English but it was sufficient for us to understand the explanation: when the vehicle gear is put to N on what seemed to be an up-slope, the vehicle rolls forward (it should have rowed backward instead)When we alighted the cab, we stood there longer to examine all the passing vehicles: mainly tour buses experimenting the same concept. You can hear their engines turned off and you will see the buses rolling "forward" on the up-slope. It was an intriguing experience but will be even better if you drive and experience it yourself. Other than the road itself, you may consider alighting and try out the two street food stores there.. or have a walk around the area, we saw herd of cattles grazing just beside the road too.
interesting experience
Having read about it here, it was interesting to experience it yourself, for once you would feel that its easier to go upslope then downslope!
It was like I was being joked in a fabulous way.
I rented a car near from the airport so this is the best way to get the chills up your back in this place. Dive up here. Leave your gear in NWhen you were clearly moving forward in a downhill.... Your car just slows... Stops then moves backwards!!!! What the hill????? LolI did it like 5 time still fled funny in a very great way. I recommend visiting this place just for the heck of it!
Why not?  you're in Jeju - check it out
this is one of those strange Jeju adventures that's worth a quick check.  yes, just like they describe, it's a road which, when you walk down it, it feels like you're going up - and vice versus.  be careful, so you don't get hit by a car - but on your way to something else to do in Jeju, give it a go.  BTW, I"m sure kids won't get it - this is an adult thing, and I don't think I'd want my toddler walking down an active road.
An Interesting place to stop by!
It's shorter distance in real than I thought. But definately an interesting place to stop by! I both walked and drived along the road!
Supernatural?
It was an uphill in front of us, the bus driver engaged the gear to neutral and let it slowly moved uphill. That’s unbelievable! The earth’s gravity is supposed to pull things downward, so why does this happen?
Interesting Optical Illusion!
It was a fun visit to the Mysterious Road in Jeju Island. Buses and cars that passes the road will turn off their engines and experience going uphill on a downward-looking slope. Apparently there are a few of these kind of roads around the world. Worth a short stop just to be puzzled for a few mins.
a real mystery
you will something is pulling you when you try to walk...real fun when you could get down and walk on the mysterious road
Just a 100m road
I thought it was a long winding road but the distance is short an it gave optical illusion of our bus going uphill. Well when you got down the bus to see yourself, it makes no differences. Just a road filled with curious people.
Fascinating
Went there as part of tour. Find it really fascinating n entertaining. Worth it to go there one afternoon. Takes only 15 mins... Bus turn off engine, pour warmer on the road, letting water bottle roll, n closing your eyes n walk!
Nothing much to see
I don't find this a really exciting place. Like what the other reviewers had said, this is what you will experience: Turn off the car engine and the car still continue to move "uphill"... 10mins and it's over.
Dont go out of your way - but fun if your passing!
On a trip to Halla mountain we came across this road. Our taxi driver was very excited about stopping to show us this local 'phenomenon'. It's just a bit of fun really where your eye plays tricks on you :)I wouldnt go out of my way to go here, but if your on a taxi tour its fun to watch other people here!
Worth coming over here for 15 mins..
Its quite a funny little stretch of road that your eye will play tricks on you!Worth getting your driver (if you have hired one) to just drive here and stopover for probably 15 mins and have a little break or stretch your legs.
Waste of time!
It was not interesting at all! Go if you have so much time and you do not have any other place to go!
Too me, just a road
I didn't see anything to great about this. Too me it was just a road which didn't really interest me. I wouldn't waste my time
Mystery remains unsolved
Just an ordinary road but countless of tourist buses and vans parked along it. Explore the mystery personally to appreciate the magical side of it. We'd done all tricks - stopped the car engine and let it roll uphill, poured water on road and see the trail running upward, closed our eyes and walked both ways where we found the gravity is totally against us !! Great fun ~!
Interesting and worth 10mins of your time to alight and take some pictures
Solely to experience and experiment with the up slope movement of the car with the engine switched off. Take a couple of pictures and move on.
Road where things rolls up the road
As a tour stop, the bus with engine shut off rolls up the road, this includes water and bottle, how mysterious? I say its average because I have seen this. Short vision is the road seem to be going up, but its real orientation is that of downward slope.  Therefore, it is still following the law of gravity. Conclusion, enjoy the moment and do not share your secret.
Mysterious
A short distance of the road where it looks like uphill but when we put our car gear in neutral, the car moves !!! legends say it is because there are ghost pushing your car from behind !
Need someone to explain!
this mysterious road is so famous so many tourists stop by and in awe.. as for us, We didn't understand anything...we tried to ask someone to explain the 'special' thing about this road, but still, we didn't get it..those who wanna visit, please spare around 30mins to find information on the internet about this place ... otherwise,, it'll be a waste of time...
Mysterious indeed
It's definitely mysterious, that much I can say. You see vehicle after vehicle with their engines dead, and rolling UP the road. My guide tried to explain it's a trick of the eye, and that the road only appears to be going upwards when it's really otherwise. But no matter how I tried, I just don't see it. The road just goes upward to my eyes, and things simply go against the law of gravity here. It was really puzzling to see, and worth a tickle of one's brains.
Jeju Mysterious Road
It's really mysterious, we put the gear to "N" and the car will go uphill on it own! weird right?! Yous should try your own!
Great optical illusion!  Car driving uphill!
This looks like any regular road.  However, due to an optical illusion, your car without any power will seemingly roll uphill.  This was discovered by a taxi driver by accident.  If you’re there, why not stop by.  It only takes a few minutes.  You’ll see other cars as well testing it out.  This was the first stop of our taxi tour that day and it only takes a few minutes.   There’s an English sign explaining the road.  If on the way, why not. A bit of fun!
Mysterious indeed
A short stretch of road that has vehicles rolling up a slope. Our driver even got out and place an empty bottle on the road and the bottle, like the car roll upwards.Amazing, got to see it to believe it.
Worth the visit
It's my second time to this place. I remember few years ago there were bicycles for visitors to experience the mysterious by ourselves. However this time I don't see any bicycle there for the tourist. You can feel it better when you are riding the bicycle. Just need to be caution, there will be many cars passing by.
Suprised
Car move uphill automatically when in neutral gear. Water don't flow down but up. Pretty interesting when you are in a car experiencing so. Suggest to come here if you are going to Love Land else skip it. Suggest to spend maximum 15mins here.
FREAKY!!
If you never get the chance to come to Jeju and experience the road for yourself, at least You Tube it! This was completely crazy to see. Everything in the videos is real in case you were wondering!
Something you don't get to experience everywhere!
I saw the review and decided to give it a try if I ever manage to find this location from the Korea GPS (we rent a car).Lucky enough we discover this road when we were heading to Love Lands. It's just right after it! So we drove to the starting point and off the engine and yes, it is moving! (Even the road is up hill a bit).Then we park the car aside and walk towards Love Land, but we saw many people were trying to walk in a backward manner up the road (which you suppose to feel hard/difficult bcos it is up hill), and backward manner down the road (which then strangely you felt like something is pulling you back even you are walking down hill) So I would say this is a very good experience and I'm glad that I experience this! But my friend didn't really feels anything when she tried the walk, so I guess it also depends on individual's physical sensitivity towards this mysterious road...
Its amazing
Mysterious Road is amazing place where the buses, cars and event water are automatically running up the hill. I tried to take a wide round walk to study for the landscape, terrain to see if there is any eye cheating but I cound not find one. Anybody know the reason why?
Bus moves up the hill slope even after its engine has stopped
The bus driver has completely stopped the engine at the starting point of Jeju Mysterious road and once he release the break the bus moves eventhough it is an upward slope...Why? The answer we got from the tour guide is that, it is an optical illusion - that actually it is a downward slope. Well it doesnt look like that at the time and even now I couldnt believe it is a downward instead of an upward slope - believe it or not!!
Really mysterious! How did this even happened?
The Mysterious road is really mysterious to me! As my friend and I booked a taxi for the day, we still had time on our hands before the day ends, so the taxi driver took us to this road and off his engine. Next thing we know, the car was moving on its on up the slope. Talk about creepy. Can't know what scientific explanation there could be behind this. If you are travelling by car and will pass by here, by all means, experience the wonder.
Cool..
An interesting place to visit though there is nothing much except for the short stretch of road.. It's amazing to see that the bus really glide uphill.. Some cars are not able to do a good job and the driver ended up starting their engine and start driving
Interesting illusion
A stretch of public road that gives you an illusion of travelling against gravity. You may stop along the road as many others would.
Nice experience
cool experience and worth to visit if you on the way to visit other attraction because its on the way to other place, But if you just come and just for  visit this mysterious way its not worth because its nothing to do there just an empty road.
Misleading Indeed
Nothing special about this place, it's just an optical illusion making it looks like some kind of anti gravity force at work.
Amazing experience!
Like - the experience and seeing a tour bus driver standing up and showing his passengers that he did not do anything will letting the bus roll uphill. Dislike - nothing.
Unbelievable
Even though this exhilarating experience lasted probably 10 minutes it was a moment to remember. I am happy we took the ride along mysterious road to experience this. The tour bus was switched off and the bus travelled on its own uphill. You wonder how it happened, it is puzzling.
Road that defies logic
A seemingly slightly uphill slope that can move a stationary vehicle. Many vehicles such as buses and taxis stopped there, presumably with tourists, and were moving without engine revving; an interesting sight to behold. Puzzling, but loses charm after a while, unless you are physicists who needs to get to the bottom of it
15 min kind of attraction
As with many cars that went there, my taxi stopped, turned off the engine, switched to Neutral gear and yes, the car started rolling uphill......But interestingly, the road is also called the demon road there. Look around the place, and you will see some cute little "devils" around the place.Nothing much there else, expect that you need to be there and say you done that.
Little puzzling, not very amazing
Been there and seen the bus going slightly 'up slope' when engine is off.Could be explained by gravity at this part of the road, although the up slope was not too obvoius, hence my title - not so amazing.If u are going there by yourself it might not be worthwhile, really
science or mystic
some people say this road again the earth gravitation, but some said it's cause the magnet field is big at that area. if see with eyes the street look uphill but the car stop and  engine stop can forward till some point.
Quite Interesting
It was fun to see all cars and coaches slowed down completely with neutral gear to test the mysterious road. Some people did pour water onto the road and the effect was also very obvious.
Interesting
I wondering how their built the road and the environment to make it so mysterious! The taxi driver stopped the engine for us to feel the different, it was amazing!
Dive up hill in neutral
Definitely worth a trip if you have time. Your car moves forward while in neutral. We got there at night with our rental car and there were 8 other cars doing the same thing.
Mysteriously moving uphill...
It was quite a cool experience to feel the bus that we were in moving up the hill with the engine off.
Something for you to ponder............
At first one may feel very inquisitive and cannot picture logically why vehicles can still move uphill even with the engines turn off.  However after some observations,  you will realize that the road is actually going downhill.   But how it appears to look like uphill is a mystery, that's why call Mysterious Road!!!
The kids loved it
As I rented a car to explore Jeju (highly recommended), we came here a couple of times to enjoy the experience putting the gear at N position and realizing how the car went up the hill.We also tried on the road with a can of beer that also was rolling hill up apparently. It is maybe an optical illusion but when you are there it looks clearly and without any doubt that cars and things go up the road. The kids were amazed and really enjoyed as we also did.Try to avoid the afternoons, as most of the guided tours are here at that time with many buses horning in hurry to repeat the experience several times and many pedestrians around. In the morning the day after it was almost empty !
A drive by and a short 10mins stop will do
Just a short stretch of road where it "appears" to defy gravity. Kill the engine where the START signs indicate and feel the car moving uphill on its own.
Too many tourists
Well this is optical illusion. It's really fun to enjoy the magic road if there are lesser people. One thing is, the toilet here is dirty.
Stop by and bring a long camera lens.
The Mysterious Road is one where the road appears to go uphill, but it's actually downhill.  So cars go there, turn off their motors and "coast uphill."  It's actually more fun to watch the faces of the tourists than to watch the vehicles.  My advice: take a long lens, and quietly record the looks of awe.  Makes for some great shots.
It's just for fun
Actually like the other ones, I felt quite surprise at the my first visits since last year 2011. The guide showed me that I were in the bottom of the slope, she pointed to the tree lines along  the side of the road and truly, it has made me believe what she said. A few seconds later, the driver shut the engine and release the bus's brakes, the 45 seated bus was beginning move slowly then faster and faster.  Could you believe ? The huge bus was moving up to the top of the slope without working engine! A man of my group - an 50 ages supposed there were the natural magnetic power that dragged up the 2,5 tons iron bus to about 5-8 meter height during approximately 80 metes !!!It was happened about 10 mins then all of our group's participant disembarked the bus, they were starting to talk about what they saw during the past 10 minutes. Some one said it caused by a natural magnetic power (as above), other one assumed by the trick of the sun's lighting a man nearly lying face down to the road parallel to look forward to the starting point... others wisely poured the water to see the flows .... Of course, our guide has explained the cause but I really do not want to tell you, let's explore by yourself.Definitely, this places is quite appropriated for your family with kids. Aside the road, there are the Korean traditional food shops who sells fried fish ball, rice cake... but they are almost fried into the oil ...This places are really attracted a lot of people from Asia like Chinese, Vietnamese, Indian... I think you might found the similar road like the Jeju Mysterious Road of your own country but the Korean was wise to promote it via the drama film series currently expanding over the Asia.Totally, Jeju is an beautiful island and you should visit one time. With me, I could said "you could make the money by the very simple things"
A fun side trip
Go with an unknowing mind.You can easily find the explanation for this phenomenom but don't! I didn't, so when my car rolled up slope in neutral, I was thrilled! But it lasted at most 5 minutes so not for people with an already packed schedule. An interesting side trip for those who have time though.
Mysterious Road Near Loveland
I knew about the mysteriou road but most of my companion weren't aware. Needless to say the 2 minutes of awe and suprise was a pleasent experience. Our taxi driver was very eager to show off the stretch making it really fun. Only go if you on a car and enjoy simplistic joy.
Magic Road & Full of Tourist.
Magic road which can run car without engine. Always full with tourist but safe. Actually the othe side of the road have spectaculare view. Also can have chance to try local food from stall around it.
Optical illusion
There were many tour groups at the place and many people were walking on the road. Anyway, there was nothing exciting about the place. It is just a short (around 50 metres) stretch of road and things roll upslope instead of downslope. Give this a miss if you have not enough time.
Mysterious ?
Just optical illusion.  We went early in the morning so there were no much crowd.  Tourists were testing the slope with water and some with measuring tape.  Tour buses and cars were very patient with curious visitors standing in the middle of the road.
Up-slope, down-slop or flat?
This is one road which really left my puzzled. The bus driver did turn off his enjoy but the bus still managed to roll on, to my eyes, the path was an up-sloping one. So how did the bus manage to move on its own? Does it mean the path is actually downwards sloping?This is just any other road along Jeju Island which after completion, people found out about this weird phenomenon. Well, the locals will explain to you the whole reason to this phenomenon. Don't worry, expect a crowd there with tour buses pulling over, but don't expect a fee to be paid unless you patronize the little snack shops there.
Amusing side attraction
Tourist flock in by the bus load to see cars (in neutral gear) roll mysteriously uphill
Interesting to see
It's interesting to see and "be there" but not something you would kick yourself if you don't have the time to go.
Excellent place
We took a cab and travel around Jeju. First: if you are intending to take a cab pls prepare your itinerary and let the driver know where you plan to go. 2nd: the driver will show you the mystery of the road. it seems that the bottle will roll to the steeper side of the road. bascially it is an eye illusion.
Scinece in reality....but had no explanation...
We drived our car on Mysterious Road and later at a place I kept car in neutral.......to our surprise our car was really moving in a direction opposite to slop.....how was it possible to go against gravity? There was no magnet....no pulling force......no lubricant and .....even now no knowledge to us how does it happened?Really it was a simple but surprising ride for us.....Jeju is one fo the best place in S Korea for any age of person to spend thier vacation with most relaxed and excited attractions. We stayed on Jeju Island for a wek, but even now pour memories are fresh and recoomend all nature lover to visit once.....If need more info about Jeju.....please feel free to contact me.
