Risk averse
Given the trials and tribulations faced by the Dutch crew all those centuries ago, I did find it irritating that the top deck of the boat was closed because the wind had risen to a slight breeze. I am unsure what sort of risk or danger the owners were trying to mitigate against, as I am sure the bridge would have been perfectly sate and noone was going to be blown overboard by a tiny puff of air. The display inside the boat tells an interesting story. The Covid temperature readers at the entrance were causing the staff member a bit of trouble (and they are inaccurate) and we almost got the impression that it was our fault for being foreign humans unable to work broken temperature readers. Hamel would have given up trying.
Funny and interesting place
Ship is nice reconstruction of original one, of Mr. Hannel ship. I can hardly imagine to sail with it.
Looks and feels very cheap
Well, that's one I definitely wouldn't recommand. There are so many things to do in Jeju and many in a 5-km radius even (Sanbangguksa, Yongmeori Beach, Songaksan...) but the Hamel Ship exhibition center is a miss. It would have actually been interesting to have place dedicated to the historical significance of Hamel and Korea through foreigners' eyes, but this was just a small collection of cheap and run-down replicas of things you could see pretty much everywhere. Maybe kids would enjoy the pirate-looking ship, but that's the only good reason to go.
Immemorable and poorly done.
Unfortunately, I cannot say that this place is worth visiting. The surrounding area and sites (Sanbangsan and the temple, Yongmeori Coast) are worth the visit though, and I speculate that this is the only reason the museum has survived.The ship museum itself provides information about the Dutch sailor who landed on Jeju and was held captive and against his will for several years by Koreans (not sure why this is a source of pride as it seems to be made out). The story itself could be quite interesting, but to be honest, I would rather read about it in a well-written book than in a tacky and very cheesy museum using broken English. Children might enjoy walking through the ship replica so I suppose it could be worth visiting if you also visited the other nearby sites.I personally would never recommend this place to anyone.
Good idea but need more
Just below the Sanbangsan cave, by the Yongmeori coast here is a replica of Hamel ship from the 1600. A dutch sailor who sank on the coast on its way to Japan. I guess he liked the coast, he stays in Korea for 13 years before returning to write his memoire.Very basic site attraction with activities on the side for kids and food stalls, there is not much. It is just an addition to the other visit around I guess.
