Humbling experience worth the visit......
This ancient historical & cultural village was meant to show its rich origin & history. Therefore, it was left intentionally in its original state ie old, rundown & unmodernised. Living in an ultra modern city, it was a very humbling experience for us to be able to witness what living conditions were like in those days.It is a very small village, so obviously there aren't much to see or photos to take. There were big portraits of the 2 lead casts of the famous Korean drama "A Jewel of the Palace," filmed in 2003. This drama probably spark off the K-Wave phenomena worldwide. Maybe this was one of the filming sites.The resident guide gave us a walk & run up of the place. After which, we went to a small hut where she was explaining the honey & other products of this village.Sampling of honey was given. She did not hard sell nor push anyone to buy. It was the visitors' own free will if to buy.Many in our group (including us) bought the honey because they loved it & not because they were scammed or hard-sold.
Old traditional village
We only brought to see the village with some traditional house and with old people there, with limited time here, cannot see all the village. But this place just symbol. We were offered with the some goods belings to this island Jeju. Like honey and horse backbone pills.
education park n refreshing
the park planting many flowers and plants outside traditional housing. Very refreshing, we can teach our sister too who start to love Korean culture about traditional village.
Entertaining and informative
At the entrance of the village, the town mayor greets us. It’s a very small town. But this guy speaks good English, easily understandable, proceeds to his narrative of the village, it’s culture and history. Very informative and entertaining as he interjects jokes from time to time that find application in our daily lives. At the end of the tour, he will try to sell you tea concentrate (which really tastes good, just did not buy because of luggage space management) and a beauty product, horse oil cream, which if we look at his face, would seem to be doing a good job. His skin is very firm despite his old age. My friend was convinced to buy one because of his skin. Short visit but worth every minute
Folk village visit
Awesome,unique place and interesting cultural history, fresh and green,easy to find and will cone again
Nth to see
Skip it and dont waste ur time. Looks like a deserted place. Absolutely disappointing. There are better places out there
Lovely historic village to stroll around
Fascinating village,  lovely homes, very interesting place. Enjoyed our visit visit.  Allow about half hour
It's not too much impressive
I love its ancient. But it's difficult to find rightway and information about that folk village. It doesnt have exactly guide to explore this place
Its a scam
Visited this place as part of a tour package. Its horrible. Phototaking opportunities are limited. The guide there spent 10mins running through various aspects of the village and the other 30mins hard-selling their honey, horse oil and supplements. Horrible experience and an utter waste of time.
Old-fashioned village
Other than photos takings, nothing much. There are health liquids/supplement for sale but we didn't buy any.
Full day tour
Part of the full day tour Well worth the visit.Interesting to see how life was many centuries ago and how tough life would have been.
Educational visit
It’s the filming location for a very famous Korean drama. We got a very knowledgeable volunteer guide who bought us around and explained to us the history of the area. Yes, I admit it is small and villages like this are dotted throughout Korea, but seeing as it is free, it’s worth a short trip to take in the sights. They also see some local products which the missus or the elderly may like.
Nice but...
Nice but nothing special. You will find these places all over the country. You can just have a look at the buildings and thats it.
Very disappointed with fake honey. DON'T EVER BUY!! A lot of ants around.
Lady in charge told us that their honey is pure and doesn't attract ants. We were so convinced and bought two boxes home ($40 each). Now we regret because there are many ants around our honey in the kitchen. And they're insured by Samsung. Truly. Very disappointed.
Traditional Village Homes
It was just an OK place to visit as it was part of our Tour Package. The old fashioned village homes were probably the only thing which was interesting to me. The lady who explained everything to us was very warm and friendly. Of course, at the end of the tour, you are brought to a 'special room' to view the products which they sell. I bought a bottle of Omija (Berry) Drink which was actually quite nice. I think I paid $50 (as expensive as it was, I just thought it would support their livelihood). She did not force us to buy the products but was very kind to let us try them all.
Disappointing
We came here thinking it was the jeju folk village but it was not. A lady came to us. She cannot speak English, then  she  showed us very quickly around pointing this and that. Took us to a room then hardsell some herbal tea. Very expensive, we did not want but she was not going to let us leave as we were the only tourists there. We paid $50 for a bottle of so call cranberry juice....so be forewarn! There is no price list. We thought she was a staff cos no signages at all. We did not see any ticket booth. This was by far a bad experience. Felt cheated. We did not want to look around anymore so we left.
Korean Folk Village
This was part of our Yeha bus tour - East Course - that gives you an opportunity to see an old fashioned village showing homes built of thatch roofs and lava rock.  There is a couple that still lives there and explains their way of life and the way things were on Jeju.  We also got to try a tea that apparently tastes differently to people depending on what they have going on in their bodies.  I really enjoyed listening to them and learning about their culture.
A glimpse of Jeju tradition
This folk village which has a collection of 600 years old thatched roof houses built using the volcanic basalt rocks and passed on from one generation to another, showcases the unique culture of Jeju Island. The stone statue of Harubang called the grandfather of Jeju and worshipped as the protector of this island can be seen in front of almost all the huts.This village is still inhabited by the locals and one can see them practicing their traditional rituals including rearing of the Black Pigs.By the way ,Jeju is famous for its Black Pork dishes.There are also sites for holding special rituals like praying God for good luck and health, place where breast feeding women pray for lack of milk etc.Our Guide cum Driver Mr Kim Nam Joon (+82-10-4616-6650) not only took us around the village but also ensured we had a good time.
Little to see
Not sure if it was because we were there during winter but the tour was really short and not much to see.
An insight into the life of Diver Women
An interesting showcase into the folk customs of people who place men on pedestals and where women does most of the chores, while being trained to dive deep into the surrounding waters to harvest seafood for a living.
Humbling experience worth the visit......
This ancient historical & cultural village was meant to show its rich origin & history. Therefore, it was left intentionally in its original state ie old, rundown & unmodernised. Living in an ultra modern city, it was a very humbling experience for us to be able to witness what living conditions were like in those days.It is a very small village, so obviously there aren't much to see or photos to take. There were big portraits of the 2 lead casts of the famous Korean drama "A Jewel of the Palace," filmed in 2003. This drama probably spark off the K-Wave phenomena worldwide. Maybe this was one of the filming sites.The resident guide gave us a walk & run up of the place. After which, we went to a small hut where she was explaining the honey & other products of this village.Sampling of honey was given. She did not hard sell nor push anyone to buy. It was the visitors' own free will if to buy.Many in our group (including us) bought the honey because they loved it & not because they were scammed or hard-sold.
Old traditional village
We only brought to see the village with some traditional house and with old people there, with limited time here, cannot see all the village. But this place just symbol. We were offered with the some goods belings to this island Jeju. Like honey and horse backbone pills.
If you’re on a cruise, before you book the excursion...
We were cruising the Far East and stopped at Jeju. The cheapest excursion was $120 per person. $240 for the two of us. Instead we walked around Jeju a little then hailed a cab. He took us all over the island doing all the same things for $100. Personal service. Stayed. As long as we wanted. Left when we were ready. One of the many ways weve seen the world much cheaper than most. 73 countries and territories so far. The village is interesting. 100 huts. Some occupied. And a black pig. A guy will tell you about a tea they sell that if it tastes salty or sweet will diagnose your ailments. We passed. Not sure how many people read my reviews. If you hit “helpful”,  I’ll get an email and they always encourage me to write more :)
Waste of time
We came to this village with our hired taxi driver. The driver had apparently informed the staff in this village in advance, because a Chinese-speaking woman came out to greet us just as we approached the village. The woman spent the next ten minutes bringing us to different places around the village and giving a brief introduction. We learnt a bit from her about their traditional way of living and even saw a live black pig in captivity. She then brought us to a room saying we could take a rest and had a sip of their tea since the weather was warm. For the next 20 minutes, she tried to persuade us to buy the pills which she claimed to be made from bones of Jeju horses and a bottle of tea, costing a total of 190,000 Korean won. When we said we weren't keen, she was flabbergasted and said everyone who came before us bought items from here. We still refused to buy and returned to our taxi. She followed us to our taxi and spoke in Korean to the taxi driver. Didn't know what she was saying but she might be complaining. She then asked us what could we have bought by not spending 190,000 Korean won here. I replied: a lot of things. We didn't like her tone and told the driver to drive off. It was a waste of our time coming here. We didn't have any time to wander around the village by ourselves and hence no photos. It seemed the main purpose was to sell those items to us.
Not recommended unless it is part of a tour package
We did not find anything great about this place to be honest. There was the tour guide giving a minor introduction of this village and we took some photos of the village from the top and that was all.
Free & Educational
We went to this folks village on our own but not with tour, therefore when we reached there, there is only 5 of us, the staff approached us and starts telling us Jeju Folks Cultural stories, the entrance is free and the guide is free, but at the end of the guide, you'll be brought to a room where they'll start selling you the local specialties, we got some discount since we're not with tour (as usually places like this required to pay tour agent some fees), but if you don't want to buy anything, just say thank you & leave, that's all ☺️
This is a typical tourist trap to get you to buy stuff. Avoid
I visited Seongeup Folk Village as part of the tour package to Jeju Island that was provided as free gift by a company that I need not mentioned here. As an Asian and having extensively travelled throughout Asia. I am familiar have experience all sorts of tricks and gimmicks. The first tip that this was another hard sell stop is that there is no time limit for the stop. Prior to this stop, we visited the famous Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak, they insisted that we returned to the bus by 1 hour which is not enough to really enjoy the place. However, we were told we can take all the time we need at Seongeup. Then a nice looking old lady who can speak Mandarin were waiting to greet us and give us a tour of the place. I was curios why no such tour guide were organised for Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak. The whole tour of the village was short 15 minutes, most of the info she provided I can easily find out from internet, then we were ushered into a room in one 'village building' where she proceed to let taste and test their natural products and tell us how miraculous is the products, the tea, the honey, horse bones and horse cream. The whole presentation took twice as long as the village tour. Then she went on and on and on about how healthy are the people and it is due to the miracles of horse bones. I mean come on. There are horses the world over. Surely if horse bones are the key to living longer and younger,.Someone other than the Jeju people would have known about it. Then next she talks about pricing which I almost fell out of my chair. Korean Won 190,000 or USD 185 for horse bones pellet? I am not sure how many fools are there in the world that bought into this ludicrous claims. Right there and then I wanted to leave. She then changes tack and describe how they money will help preserve the village, fund village children education healthcare etc etc. I heard that before in almost all my travel. Apparently, some of my fellow tour travellers are interested, so they stayed in the room while I explored the 'village'. The area is very small, most of the 'buildings' are similar to the one that I was in and there are various product demo sessions going on in other 'buldings'. In the end, we spend a total a 2 hour there and the organizer waited until everyone got onto the bus. It so different from the Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak stop where they chased back onto the bus and even went into the washroom to look for missing passengers. Just for non-asian travellers tour organiser gets sales commissions if the tour groups buy something. So they benefit if when they spend more types at such places rather then the actual sight that you wanted to see.
want to buy more of the face cream need to know how?
I loved the tour but would like to buy more of the face.cream but need more info?I have tried the internetshopping sites but was not able to find this product can some one help me out with this?
Learned about traditional life on Jeju
We truly enjoyed this little tour.  We learned a lot about the Korea of old and life on the island which can be very harsh.  The guide was very nice to our family of four.  We tried their tea and bought some.  This appeared to be their means of support and I was glad to participate.
Interesting place but be a little careful
It is an old village that show us the homes for the people of Jeju in the past few hundred years. We have been guided through the village by a lady, who speaks very good Chinese's Mandarin. After the tour, they try to sell their products. Some of those are quite expensive. The thing that made us a little unhappy is "I think they have been trying too hard to make us buy something" so we end-up to select the cheapest product but then it became worst when the price was 10X different from what was being offered. It was already nicely packed and we did not want to make her unhappy so we just swipe the card.Anyway, it could be a communication error but both of us are Chinese and heard the same thing. It is a nice place but just be a little careful when you purchase those items.
Very disappointed with fake honey. DON'T EVER BUY!! A lot of ants around.
Lady in charge told us that their honey is pure and doesn't attract ants. We were so convinced and bought two boxes home ($40 each). Now we regret because there are many ants around our honey in the kitchen. And they're insured by Samsung. Truly. Very disappointed.
Hard Sell - avoid
Got a tour of the village for about 5 minutes, then they herded us into a room to hard sell their crazy product made from the bones and other parts of the horse. The products were crazy expensive and we were not allowed to leave the room until they were finished. What a waste of my precious vacation time.
traditional jeju
its nice to see and hear all the stories about the local people in Jeju island. they sell nice and very good local product there. its 100% pure honey and horse bone extract. like it very much
Trapped in a room
The tour was neat until we were all trapped in a little room for a sales pitch at the end.  It felt a bit awkward for a while as the little Jeju lady gave us a bit of a stare down to purchase some tea and horse oil skin moisturizer.  If you don't speak any Korean, you do not want to go here.  You wouldn't know what is so intersting about this place other than the old, traditional looking homes with thatch roofs.
It's not too much impressive
I love its ancient. But it's difficult to find rightway and information about that folk village. It doesnt have exactly guide to explore this place
Educational visit
It’s the filming location for a very famous Korean drama. We got a very knowledgeable volunteer guide who bought us around and explained to us the history of the area. Yes, I admit it is small and villages like this are dotted throughout Korea, but seeing as it is free, it’s worth a short trip to take in the sights. They also see some local products which the missus or the elderly may like.
Disappointing
We came here thinking it was the jeju folk village but it was not. A lady came to us. She cannot speak English, then  she  showed us very quickly around pointing this and that. Took us to a room then hardsell some herbal tea. Very expensive, we did not want but she was not going to let us leave as we were the only tourists there. We paid $50 for a bottle of so call cranberry juice....so be forewarn! There is no price list. We thought she was a staff cos no signages at all. We did not see any ticket booth. This was by far a bad experience. Felt cheated. We did not want to look around anymore so we left.
Empty
I don't understand the hype of this place. Maybe it's because I went on a Sunday and no one was around, but I walked around for about an hour and there wasn't much to see. The small houses are cute and it's interesting to read how durable they are when taking into account that they are basically made from mud and straw. But the town was absolutely dead quiet, we felt like we weren't even supposed to speak. I wouldn't recommend this 'village'. (There was a small coffee shop near the car park that sold incredibly expensive coffee).
Taste of traditional
All these places are being preserved by the government to protect the rich history of Korea and Jeju. The place still has people staying there especially the old and young.The whole "village" is bonding as a big family which anyone has their main job to do. The guide will explain some of the daily things in the past with many preserved items. They will introduce the medicines they use such as honey, horse bone power and 5 taste tea; you also can purchase it.It is good experience.
Educational, nice place to take photos
We went to this folks village on tour. For me, this village is very nice and i learn a lot of their culture. For example, as a Chinese, we celebrate Chinese New Year. The elderly will give red packets to us as a sign of good fortune. Everything comes in red during Chinese New Year. But in Korea, they will use White packets and everything comes in Black and White during Chinese New Year. This is because in old era of Korea, when they have wars, the man will be wearing white colour war costume and when they come back to their own house, their clothes is full of Red Colour Blood, that's the reason why they thinks that Red Colour is not a fortunate colour to them. More and more stories you can learn from this place, especially from the statue, you can see usually man is eating always and woman is the one who always do everything. That's their culture. This place is really worth a visit, and by the way, we are not being brought to those shop which sells local specialty. Hence, i felt that this place is nice to visit and nice place to take photos.
Waste of time
When we arrived, someone from the village immediately took us for a short tour. There isn't much to see but the spokesperson provided some interesting snippets about Korean life. At the end of the tour, she tried to sell us stuff which kinda put us off.
A Glimpse into Jeju's Not-so-Distant Past....
Although these lava-stone houses with the thatched roofs held on by handmade ropes are a part of Jeju's past, they are still very much occupied today.  You can see the kimchi jars and old-style gates along with satellite dishes attached out back.  This is very much a low-key place, gradual and picturesque...good photo ops and a study in contrasts.
Jeju... in the past
I was sold! Though it was more like a replica of a village from many, many years ago, it felt like I walked back through time to an age where everything was bathed in tranquilityI got a glimpse of houses and possible lifestyle in ancient JejuIt gave me the impression of how rough life was back then but peaceful as it appearedThough visitors may have mixed opinions about this place, to me, it works
Jeju Folk Village
When you are in Jeju, South Korea a visit to the Folk Village is a must.  during our trip to South Korea from 13 - 20 April, 2014, we visited the Folk Village in Jeju. In my opinion, the place is well set up. It's worth every cent that you pay.  The place gives you a glimpse of what South Korea looks like sometime in the past.  The houses built reflect that time in history.  And the houses in the village were authentically reconstructed.  Anyway, most of us in our group were impressed.  We give rating to the place.
Learned a lot from this village
Finally we met a Filipino tourist guide here in Seongeup Village. She can speak english very well but of course we used our native tounge/language so she was able to explain to us very well the history of the village and Jeju as well. It's only from her where we learned that the famous Jeju Black Pig used to eat human poop/dung (but that was circa 1940's or earlier).  We also learned from Grace (name of the Filipino guide there) that Korean women, during the early years, were the one who work for the family while the husbands only stay at home. Sad to hear that. =/ We also learned about the history of Stone Grandfather Harabong as well as the various symbolisms used in Jeju.When in Seongeup, make sure to try their Omija, an herbal drink made out of fermented berries. It can help cure acne, headache, kidney problems and good for diabetics. Kinda pricey but worth a shot. They also have other herbal medicines which you can try. As we all know, Koreans, especially their ancestors, are used to taking medicinal plants so I guess they are really credible enough when they say that this or that plant is effective for healing ailments. Google the benefits of OMIJA.By the way, this is also the place where the famous Koreanovela Dae Jangeum (Jewel in the Palace) was filmed.If you happen to visit Seongeup Village, ask for Grace as a guide. You will definitely learn a lot. And oh, we get to check out old korean houses as well. ^_^NOTE: I think there are many communities within Seongeup village but ask your guide to specifically drop you off at the community where Grace is. No entrance fee as well.
Not worth for the visit
Our taxi driver recommended us to go to this folk village eventhough we requested for Jeju traditional folk village. The free tour around the village ended up with the purpose of selling you their local products.
quiet and calm
lots of little homes and friendly villagers. They are very traditional. It is probably one of the quietest tourist attractions i've ever been to. I don't really think it's a necessary place to visit but if you are in the area it might be nice to stop by quickly.
A rip off place
Pro: nice place as you will get free explanation of jeju. We were able to get first hand information about the traits of jeju woman and good history background of jeju.Cons: you will be exposed to v. long sales talk of made in jeju products. quite expensive and I was sitting through the talk half way i decided to leave.
Nice insight into traditional Jeju village life but could have done without the sales pitch in a tiny room
Interesting guided tour of a traditional Jeju village, showing how people in Jeju used to live. Tour was conducted in mandarin, as we were a group from Singapore. Interesting highlights include the different meanings of the poles (at the front door), the outhouse (with a pig in it) and their honeyed drink (with some kind of berry in it).  They did bring us into a small room and introduced their products for sale - products include honey, the special honeyed drink as well as horse bone powder. Could have done without the sales pitch, and have had more time with the history and culture.
Its a scam
Visited this place as part of a tour package. Its horrible. Phototaking opportunities are limited. The guide there spent 10mins running through various aspects of the village and the other 30mins hard-selling their honey, horse oil and supplements. Horrible experience and an utter waste of time.
Little to see
Not sure if it was because we were there during winter but the tour was really short and not much to see.
Stage for pushing overpriced products
Against the warnings we ended up in this village after visiting the Kim Younggap Gallery (highly recommended) and getting bored of waiting for the right bus. This "village" is not much more than some normal village with a few thatched roofs, interiors setup purely for presenting products. We sneaked in and out after a few snaps (luckily it was only 2 of us) only to have a woman literally running after us with a small 25000 krw box of blueberry pills. Avoid it, especially with a group or day trip!
Great Look at Korean History
Spend a couple hours here walking through the village and seeing traditional Korean way of life.  There isn’t much interaction with anything outside of the performance they have, which is 2-3 times a day and with the vendors.  They do offer horse back riding here and you can also have photos taken in a hanbok.
A ‘real’ folk village
This is a real village with households living inside, opposite from folk villages built in museums. In fact, the people live there are mainly the haenyeo (women divers) - there is a museum for them in the east coast of Jeju. There is no entrance fee, so the village depends on the sale of souvenirs, basically the blueberries fermented drink and the organic skin creams. A volunteer will assist you to walk around the town, which is very helpful. A site note is that it is often used as a movie set, for example for the movie entitled Dae Jang Gum.
Traditional Korea on Show.
Spent about 3 hours here one afternoon and was very happy with the overall visit. A full display of buildings, traditional way of life, farm areas, gardens and other typical tourist information, shops and food areas give the whole village a unique attraction for everyone. A little pricey in the shops, but as you walk through the areas you get a real sense of tranquility with the how things were. Very enjoyable and if you are there - make sure you visit.
At the end they'll sell cream and horse bone powder
They told us the story of korean village and people from last time that how they live and how they do. Actually, I love to know about history of korean. However, all the story that they said it's about the product they gonna sell at the end of the tour. They sell honey, horse bone powder to make you strong, vinegar drink which is more expensive than you buy from supermarket. Horse cream and etc.
A replica village
I was looking forward to seeing the traditional/indigenous village but after a quick walk around we were marched into a hut ...after a brief introduction about this ancient village,then the hard sell began. Impressive products made from horse bones & horse oil - with almost magical values! No, I didn't buy anything.This is not a living village. I could only sight tour operators.
Tourist trap
This place is essentially a tourist trap to sell you exotic sounding herbs and products at ridiculously expensive prices. When we arrive, we were given a short tour of the village by a guide. After about 10 mins, we were ushered into a room and that's when the product pushing started. In short, the products were pitched as having miracle medicinal qualities, and as such, the prices were exorbitant to match. According to the guide, those products were only available from the village. Hmm, if the products were so good, why limit the distribution to only the village? Politely declined and made a beeline out of there.
A nice place to view, to learn and to experience
A place where you could learn a lot about Korean's traditional live and their culture. The guide giving us the tour was hilarious and we had a lot fun in the village. It is a place worth spending time to visit.
Disappointed & Marketing trip
We travelled long way only to be told a short story on how the village people survive previously before we were presented their expensive products. The guide told us the quality is good but we were not told elsewhere the price of the products are 50% cheaper. They said their horse oil treat allergies. I bought, used but it didn't get any way better.
Jeju Seongeup Folk Village
Jeju Island depend 75% on tourist business nothing much in Jeju Island except for scenery viewing. A ladies brief and conducted a short tour in Folk Village.This place is very small less than 20 min you can cover the whole area. And trying to sell us very expensive Raw Honey and Omicha Health Cordial 1000gm at 40000 won each which claimed using the raw,fine,fresh,ingredient to process it.While other pharmacy and e-mart sell only approximately at 20000 won
Seongeup Folk Village
i think this is an over rated attraction.they say Jeju is becoming a growing honey moon attraction but I was very disappointed in my sight seeing in Jeju.Although folk village is rated high in the place I thought it was complete waste of time. No doubt the place itself is has beautiful scenery there are other places on my door step in Sydney which are more scenic.
Sorry I found it boring and more of a tourist set up
We were taken to the folk village. We originally tried the Jeju Folk Village Museum but that was full of tourists. We were shown around several buildings that we were told were still lived in. Sorry but even primitive people had some form of furniture and cooking facilities. Yes some people may life on site and in other houses. But why show empty and it mean completely empty houses. Show us how you and your past folk lived. Some of the information was interesting until the sales pitch started. The selling of the honey and blackberry cordial which suppose to make you younger and fitter!!! I bought a ship load- not. They took us into a hut with chairs all in rows for a presentation on the value of the juice at $40 a litre bottle. Right next to the village are some restaurants which our guide wanted us to eat in at our expense!!! So I guess the real reason for coming here is their extra bit of money!!!!For most of us on our bus this stop was a complete waste of valuable time.
Disappointment as an English speaking visitor
Only signs we saw are those explaining whose house the thatched roofed houses were. There was nothing else much to see culturally except vacated old houses. Houses still occupied were already modern looking. Lack of signs and explanation. Would have skipped this. However the black pork outside the village in the restaurants near by the parking area was yummy.
Quiet Village
This is actually my second time here and this time without a guide as we go by car ourself. You need a guide to actually understand the history of these traditional houses. I went there around 3pm and the whole village seems like a ghost town. Very quiet. Only 2 families of tourist sighted. We took a nice walk around the village but our main reason for visiting is to eat the black pork meat cooked in spicy flavour. It was my best meal 11 years ago when I visited and best meal in Korea this time too.
Educational tour
there is a lady to introduce the village, it's very education tour. She told us all about the village even we only visited 1 hour of the whole village. That is the biggest house we visited and open for public. After the introduction, there is product selling as well which is horse bone. You can also get free testing of their product. Not that pushy as i was imagined.
interesting
it is quite a big place and you will spend some time to explore around. you will have a grasp of what old korean lifestyle used to be. there were also few games that u could try. on the day we arrived, there was a parade, just small one, chanting and singing. there s also stalls that u can buy food. overall worth a visit!
Okay stop along the way to your attractions
If you have time along the way and want to stop for some black fur pig, you can learn about the history about the pigs from this village. It was great to learn and appreciate the culture first before we ate at a local black fur pork place nearby. Plus you get to taste some tasty tea where you can apparently taste all 5 different flavors, and horse placenta which makes a funny story to tell that it tastes like almonds.
Interesting Place and Stories Showing Jeju in the Olden Days
This was one of our stops in our taxi tour for that day.This is a small place showing the traditional homes of that area a long time ago.  It’s free. An English speaking guide will tour you around.  Some interesting facts, like two separate doors (one bigger for the male I think.) They will offer you a drink made of honey and some fermentation of some berries.  It’s like juice but with some tart aftertaste.  Taste good though that we spent I think $40.00 for a bottle.  In hindsight, maybe a bit too much considering it’s not an alcoholic drink (tongue in cheek).  But while drinking that juice at home, it sure brings in mind our visit to Jeju.  While there we saw a black pig with a small companion rat.  Well seems the rat was hovering near the pig pen.  Interesting place and the guide did tell some interesting stories and tidbits! (Can be done in half an hour).
Village with modern facilities
It's a typical village, houses made with stone and mud. Modern life facilities like electricity, internet are available in the folk village.
Interesting place!
The history behind the village is really interesting and you get to learn a lot about how they led their lives. Our guide was able to converse in Mandarin so we were able to have a good understanding of the village life.
A beautiful village to stop by
This is a small and nice village that re-animates the life of the Koreans in the past. There are many things to see and learn to know how the people lived in the old days. The tour guide also told us about some interesting agriculture methods. However, there are many ginseng and healthcare products from many companies are located in this place that was a great annoy.
There is a sales hook here
The village was totally secondary to the enforced 1/2 hour sales pitch for ginsing and health products.
Nth to see
Skip it and dont waste ur time. Looks like a deserted place. Absolutely disappointing. There are better places out there
Lovely historic village to stroll around
Fascinating village,  lovely homes, very interesting place. Enjoyed our visit visit.  Allow about half hour
Old-fashioned village
Other than photos takings, nothing much. There are health liquids/supplement for sale but we didn't buy any.
Traditional Village Homes
It was just an OK place to visit as it was part of our Tour Package. The old fashioned village homes were probably the only thing which was interesting to me. The lady who explained everything to us was very warm and friendly. Of course, at the end of the tour, you are brought to a 'special room' to view the products which they sell. I bought a bottle of Omija (Berry) Drink which was actually quite nice. I think I paid $50 (as expensive as it was, I just thought it would support their livelihood). She did not force us to buy the products but was very kind to let us try them all.
Korean Folk Village
This was part of our Yeha bus tour - East Course - that gives you an opportunity to see an old fashioned village showing homes built of thatch roofs and lava rock.  There is a couple that still lives there and explains their way of life and the way things were on Jeju.  We also got to try a tea that apparently tastes differently to people depending on what they have going on in their bodies.  I really enjoyed listening to them and learning about their culture.
A glimpse of Jeju tradition
This folk village which has a collection of 600 years old thatched roof houses built using the volcanic basalt rocks and passed on from one generation to another, showcases the unique culture of Jeju Island. The stone statue of Harubang called the grandfather of Jeju and worshipped as the protector of this island can be seen in front of almost all the huts.This village is still inhabited by the locals and one can see them practicing their traditional rituals including rearing of the Black Pigs.By the way ,Jeju is famous for its Black Pork dishes.There are also sites for holding special rituals like praying God for good luck and health, place where breast feeding women pray for lack of milk etc.Our Guide cum Driver Mr Kim Nam Joon (+82-10-4616-6650) not only took us around the village but also ensured we had a good time.
An insight into the life of Diver Women
An interesting showcase into the folk customs of people who place men on pedestals and where women does most of the chores, while being trained to dive deep into the surrounding waters to harvest seafood for a living.
Super seongeup
When you go to a country you haven’t been before its nice to find out what it used to be like especially if it’s changed. This is the perfect place to go and look how it was. It’s busy but large so you don’t feel the many people.
Seongeup folk village
Traditional Jeju folk village , heritage of timeless Jeju people living special roof architure . Famous Korea film drama site . Worthwhile to travel back to old times
BCT-Touristik
Visiting Espescially Your Coffee Shop
How Nice to see A Person That is Reading some Stuff in Such alonly Area Like the Village On This CLOUDS Lights Day.... So You Show me Your Fingers so small and Little... I Should Know... You doesnt Speak.... Spock at the Moment... But Your mean ins Not embarearsing But A Little Bit Sad....so I Send on you Nice Picture to wish A Better Day.. To Your Coffee Shop
Loving the Folks
Our visit to this village was an amazing experience! We learned a lot about the history Jeju, specifically their culture and traditions. Jeju is known for its black pig pork and we were given the chance to see one at the backyard of one the old house in the village. Plus our hosts were very entertaining and discuss to us the unique heritage of Jeju. The traditional role of husband and wife, music played, beliefs, practices and their livelihood. Moreover, we were lucky because the house we visited was the location of the famous Jewel in the Palace. We were amazed with their stone structures. We took photos in almost every corner of the village. Everything there was just amazingly beautiful. The old houses, tress, the souvenirs stores being in house in the traditional homes, the government offices, the pavement, etc, everything was mesmerizing. The people are very kind, approachable and welcoming.
Interesting place
It's really quite when we visit this place... Nobody around there except us, there's also no employers so we just take around the village by ourself... Maybe it's not too famous for foreigners, but because nobody around we can take a really good picture without being disturbed lor... Wkwkwkwkw...
A little too short of time!
I believe this place can be so much fun then how we experienced it. We were there quite late, hence the volunteers (as the tour guides) were in an extreme rush to go home. Totally understandable. However they were still nice enough to show us around. Interesting historical facts about the Koreans in Jeju-do and their houses. They promoted horse face cream towards the end of the tour. Apparently the appropriate time to visit this place is between 11 am - 1 pm or definitely way BEFORE 4.30 pm.
Dissapointed
This place looks kind of deserted and some of the area are dirty and poorly maintained. There are also not enough signage or information around this area. One can skip it since there are many other places of interest to visit around Jeju.
Living village
Instead of paying and going to the Folk Village, our guide suggested we go to the Seongeup Folk Village where it is a real living village. It was nice to see the black pigs in their Sty and how the people live in the past.Educational:)
History of Jeju in one place
If you are interested in the history then this is a place for you. Although, I enjoyed my kids found it very boring.
Don’t waste your time
The village was deserted.  The air smelt stale.  No one explained the history or architecture of the houses.  In short, it was just a waste of time.Visit in Yongin Korean Folk Village instead.  You will have a much better appreciation of korean culture over there.
Disappointing experience
I took my parents in law to Korea and visited Jeju to show unique Korean folk village and the culture. The village was just full of tricky business people selling products. I would not recommend this place to anyone!
Rather sad and dilapidated
This was a big disappointment. We'd read that it was a real functioning village, but it was mostly deserted, the houses falling down and no sign of any residents. The buildings are picturesque enough but overall it had a rather sad, melancholy feel. We only spent half an hour there and regretted the long bus journeys entailed.
Avoid it if possible
We were driving along and happened to pass by the Folk Village. We completed this attraction in 5 mins, because we were not really keen in the fake traditional village. Unless you are with a tour group, there are no guided tour here.
Avoidable !!!
Coming from India this doesn't look much of a village. Yes there are huts but it's all too neat and clean . Some huts have split ACs too. It's a nice setting but I would have preferred seeing another beach or a natural site vs a man made artificial village .
Part of Korean culture
I liked the walk on the small streets among small houses without chimneys. It was a protection against pirates in the past. We were group so no local guide came to sell us whatever.
Make sure you go to the right place!
The Seongeup Folk Village is huge.  The main entrance has a big car park and a side entrance where you can drive your car in.  Besides the car park, there are many restaurants, two public toilets and a few shops.From the main entrance, you can take a stroll and check out some of the conserved buildings which are open to public.  Information is available in English and you can learn about the earlier settlers and buildings of Jeju Island.  There are also some shops and restaurants inside the folk village.You can easily spend 1-2 hours inside the village and having lunch either in the restaurants inside or besides the car park.  We had delicious black pork bbq at Nammun restaurant (787 2432) located in the area besides the car park.Tip:There are other entrances to the village as well.  I was at one of these prior to finding the main entrance, and there are sales people trying to get us to into houses outside the gate and market horse oil cream and other products.  Avoid these.  While I can't verify whether the products are authentic, it definitely felt like a scam.  Seemed that some reviewers thought this is part of the folk village.
Scam place
We were brought to this house with an old man waiting for us. He gave us a tour around his house and then started selling us omjia tea, honey, horse bones pill, horse oil products. And they range from 45,000KRW to 140,000KRW. I'm not sure if there was any way you could avoid this.
Honeymoon @ Seongeup Folk Village
The village house roof is made of dried grasses. Supported by strong wood. So no smoking allowed here. There are still people staying in the village. The stone man is a good luck and representative item in Jeju.It is believed that touching the nose may increase the chance of giving birth to a son and touching the ear may increase the chance of giving birth to a daughter. Do not touch the head. No good.They have this 5 taste tea; 5 different taste buds depending on your health. Do check it out.Da Chang Jin is filmed here.
History and culture of Jeju
We had a guide to explain and tell us about the history of jeju and the way of life of the people that lived there. It is an eye opening experience, visit this place to have a better understanding of jeju island.
Fun & informative
The place is small. According to the guide (a man who lives there), that is his house passed down to him by his ancestors. He speaks English and some of our Malay language (impressive). It was very compact with the history of the island, culture, food, the roles of men/ women in Jeju, architecture, etc. He was a fun man with a lively way of presenting the information. I think it was excellent. Listening to him is like reading a small introductory chapter about Jeju. There was no fee collected, I appreciate that. However, at the end of the visit, he showed us some local products which we happily bought (the tea) because the children like it.
A let down
There were signs getting there until you almost reach the place! Then you have to look for it yourself. The phone number given was not usable. For those who depend on the phone number for gps, best to double check.Personally, it was a let down compared to the literature available on this place. They have converted many of the huts to 'briefing' rooms. So, not many are in its authentic state.
The guide said one of the "Jewel in the Palace" scene was taken here
Guide is good explaining about the village and oldtime Jeju. We came here by chartered car, not really sure how to come here by public transport. For me this place not very special, it's just different with typical hanok house that you ever see in Seoul or Jeonju.
Excellent Look at the past
This is an interesting and surprisingly well done look at life in the past on Jeju.  We loved the artisans at the end as well and came home with a few treasures.
a quick trip to the korean past at half hour from jeju city
after visiting the jeju folk village, this was quite smaller, still was easier to visit, shorter distance to drive, so if you stay is short in Jeju, come this village, ou will find all about the korean past culture, just missing big stores and restaurant like the main village have.
Traditional Village
Tranditional House and village in Jeju. If you want to know about traditional life. Janggem Korean Drama has taken place the shooting here. You also could buy tea that made from bluberry and horse bone.
Interesting insight into the village life years ago
We had a guided tour of the compound by a rather fun employee of the place. She was rather animated and injected a lot of humour into her narration. The buildings were authentic and so I think might be actual conserved 'wealthy main house', servants' quarters, pig sty and commode toilet etcPart of the tour included a persuasive sell of their produce (grounded horse bone tablets, honey).
Eye opening
Interesting to learn about the wood positioning at gate, durable rooftop, ceramic tanks in kitchen, building of crib, above ground toilet and shade.Delighted to pass by a winery social area.
Learning about jeju culture
We were lucky that the lady of the house was both detail and funny when explaing about the old jeju ways. A good place to visit and get to know abit of the culture.
Waste of time!
Nothing much just by telling u some stories about the village peoples than later wanted you to buy thier products and are expensive too. Village are just some old houses and a waste of time. We have no choice coz it's part of the group tour...if u can avoid this place dun go.
Interesting place to get to know some bits of Korean/Jeju culture
We had a guide who could speak Chinese bring us around and introduce bits of the places and provide explanations on the history and culture. I found the information pretty interesting and I quite enjoyed it though it was a short visit.
Folk Village of Jeju People
Here we can known the shape of Jeju Village, Jeju House, Jeju Entrance Fence, etc.  Here we can learn how Jeju People Live.  Nice Place to go and to see.
Interesting history and cultural lesson
Visited as part of a day tour. It's quite interesting to understand how Koreans lived in the past. Families still live there though!
Local village
This tourist attraction quite interesting for the beginning of introduction after that, they will try to sell anything start from honey, tea and ginseng.
History lesson about the life in Jeju
This was the same village that Dae Jang Geum (大長今) was filmed. It looked like a huge place in the show but in actual fact is that this place is really tiny! It should not take anyone more than 10 mins to complete. We were shown how water was collected from the rain by wrapping a rope on the tree that links into the water pots. The tourguide said that in those days, women in Jeju island work while the men stay at home. The lady touring us in the area carried the water trout to show us how Jeju women in the past used to carry water. There is one small house that according to the lady, is still inhabited. We were not allowed to enter but we can take pictures from outside the house. The house smells of the aroma of freshly cooked rice. We were told that someone is actually cooking. After touring the small compound comes the main part of the program - promoting honey. It seems like there are many version of how real honey should be. For this version, the honey doesn't melt in water. One can see the hives when it's placed in water and swirled around. We were given different honey to try: Pure honey, lingzhi and 5 flavors. For some reasons, they also sell handcream made of horse oil. It smells quite nice though. But I still have a whole box of lanolin cream at home so decided not to buy. They are not cheap either.
Old korean village
Quite interesting! The village represent the korean traditional village in the past, there is different setting for each house, which is represent each job and social status in the past. If you are a korean drama fan, fyi, the famous 'jewel in the palace' was partly filmed here.Entrance fee : free
Unique and exquisite architectural design
Our guide brought us here to understand the striking cultural lifestyle of the local folks of Jeju.  The unique and exquisite architectural design of the `primitive'' huts and cottages of the natives was impressive. The pair of well carved and exotic Jeju deities statues that were made from volcanic lava stood spiritually on guard at the entrance. The sculptures matched harmoniously with the decorative Kimchi clay vases left unattended in the manicured lush green lawn compound displaying a special cultural taste that reminded me of the unique Hindu traditions on the island of Bali. I always think that it is the vibrancy and dynamism of the native folk culture that made certain attractions so special. The unique Alisan native lifestyle in Taiwan is just remarkably outstanding and different from that of the Maori in New Zealand and again, distinctively unique from the Dayaks longhouse traditions. It is thus a pleasure and a must thing to do to visit a folk village in Jeju to look at how the culture of the natives and how it is being preserved here.  We were introduced to a guide speaker who showed us the many agricultural tools used by the local natives but the real commercialized promotion began when we were `lured' into a room with seats and the speaker started marketing a type of drinks made from `Wuweiji' traditional herb that grew in abundance in Jeju and is believed to strengthen and invigorates the mind and body. It looks like another `tourist trap' and on the pretext of going to the toilet, I escaped the aggressiveness of the marketing talk. I wandered around the cottage compound admiring the foliage and the surrounding native architectural designs until my group of friends came out from the promotion. One of my group members was anxious to purchase the `elixir' drinks to enhance her youthfulness and she shared the drinks with the rest in the group.   I came out from the cottage and saw there were many similar cottages around the village and there were many sales talk going on in the other cottages. The admission to this folk village was free but I am not sure if my guide earned any commission from the purchase of the herbal bottled drinks by my friend.Except for the commercialized promotion, it is interesting to visit a folk village in Jeju.
Not recomment to my foreign friends
Very commercialized tour spot in Jeju island. I visited this place a few days ago. I have been travel Jeju island tens of times but this is first time to visit this village and realized this place for selling someting to tourist. If you come to this village, just look around and don't enter the house. There are a lot of good spots you can see in Jeju island
Funny man showing his house
Nice couple explaining their way of living in their own old house with their old fashioned habits. If you have ever visited some other folk villages in other Asian countries, it is not worth it.
interesting
found it charming and the guide as such was a gentleman who stayed there. he was very good orator and full of funny little comments which were enjoyable, interesting and funny. bought some local berry juice, was great for reducing swollen feet I had as a result of the long plane trip. highly recommended
Nah
It's good to learn the history of the island but I spent like an hour listen to the guide try to sell a horse bone. Not recommend this place at all.
Little Old folk village.
The Seongeup Village holds a small community who are still living there. There isn't too much to see but getting to look at their houses and learn a little on their culture was pretty fun.  Heaps of restaurats in the village itself for tourists to fill their tummy.
Wonderful experience
This village was very interesting. A lot of people still live in this village and they make a living off of the products that they sell. The village is free to go to, so we made sure to purchase some things in the village. We encountered a couple English speakers that guided us and explained some things to us. They were so sweet, they held onto some of our belongings at their home while we walked through the village. When we were done they offered to call us a taxi. When we told them we planned on taking the bus they insisted on driving my entire family to our next destination. They were so sweet, it was very heartwarming!
Fascinating Village
It's an interesting village to visit as it's quite different to the ones on the mainland. Highly recommend visiting this village. You need at least 3 hours in this village to explore.
I like Korean Folk
This place make you know , How people stay without technology. They teach us about Korean folk culture, food preservative and ancient traditions. If you dont like to know about culture and tradition, I think you should not come here!
We know Korean Folk life here!
I come here first time. And the local guide will explaining about Korean folk life.She tought us about  how to choose real honey by easy way. And we know already why Old girl who is 65yearsold still stronger than 30 yearold people. (They eat calcium from horse and Golgi berry with honey!!!
Good learning about KR folk in the past
The female lead taking care of our tour group is very funny and lively. She made our visit at Seongeup Folk Village a fun trip!
A bit disappointed...
Great to know some of the interesting facts about the village but It was more about product marketing than introducing how they managed daily life in the past
A historical village
Seemed this is a set-up village with less than 5 residents. Walking around this village, I don't even find any children running around the village. Saw only one sample black pig in the sty. At the end of the walk around, we were escorted to a small hut to listen to the sales talk on their tea, wine, horse bone products. Can treat this place as a tourist trap or a toilet breaks.
Interesting visit
We visited as part of a group/tour and arrived late in the day (about 5pm). Huge carpark just outside.Not at all busy. Our guide walked us around the village and gave informative information (in English) about the history of the island and the life styles of the people that would have/do live here.The few residents that we saw didn’t want photos taken, I thought a little strange since they live in a “theme park” and must see tourists every day of the year.We were allowed to poke our heads into specified rooms/houses.There was a shop for gifts etc and a WC block for the use of behind the guest villa at the backWe spent about 40 mins here
A few interesting moments
We were here as part of a Yeha Tour. Our guide took us around the village and pointed out some key elements of traditional KKorean living. The Village was small but well kept. We did not go into any of the houses and we did not meet any of the families. Nobody tried to sell us anything. We had free time to walk around and take pictures and then we had lunch on site just outside the gate.
You need more time.
On the tour we only had 30minutes or so, which was definitely too short.  You need 1 hour or 2 to fully enjoy what they can offer.
Nostagic feel
The folk village was an interesting one. With the historical fortress wall and house still stand,there's still people living in the house and village. The village gives a great feeling of stepping into the history era. Overall is well worth the visit.
Never visit Jeju with Discovery Korea Holiday Sdn Bhd
Tour was by Discovery Korea Holiday Sdn Bhd, Malaysia. Very bad itinerary and poor poor glimpse of village. We were given a "classroom talk". No tour to view the village. Next another talk on the  goodness of a product they promote " horse bones". We had no impression of the village or places!!
OK for a bit of culture but very repatative
If you're in the area I'd pop in but don't make a special trip - It's nice seeing all the old huts and how they used to live but once you've seen one set of huts they are all pretty similar. i think they have some events on sometimes as there is a stage, but when we were there, there was just four girls playing drums and no one was watching them. Oh and they randomly have some ostriches - didn't figure out why but they were pretty cool!n.b. through our hotel we booked a taxi driver for the day for 130'000 (£73 or $112)  - and chose a route round the island that took us to Manjang Cave, Seongsan Ilchulbong Crater , Seongeup Folk Village, Oedolgae Rock, and finally Jeongbang Falls. Enrty fees for everything was only about 12'000 (£7 or $10) and the trip was well worth the money.
Interesting Village
I had visited the Korean Traditional Folk Village in Seoul but was very curious to see this one since I had heard a lot about it. I drove there with a hired Taxi, and the driver /guide and I were greeted by some Villagers near the gate. They were very curious about where I was from so we spoke a bit with my guide interpreting for us. I find it interesting that this village is still inhabited. The one in Seoul is not. However, I prefer the experience I had in the one in Seoul because it showed me more aspects of the Korean traditional life.
quite interesting
learn about the lives of the people in the olden days and get to see the traditional houses around the area. quite an interesting place to visit but not a place where i will go back for a 2nd time.
AWESOME
This is more of an "immersion" into what it was like to be in the earliest times of this culture. It is self guided and HUGE. You can literally wander through each hut and barn, use traditional tools, and play the children's games. You can make it take all day, or less... again a self-paced "see what you want" kind of place!
They want your money
At first we got warm welcome and free explanation from the villager. I'm happy to see black pig here. After this they will trap you in the room and start to sell.
Traditional & commercial
Interesting Folk Village with all traditional life in the past. but at the end the guide will try to sell the product which price more expensive than city / market (maybe cause its tourist object ?)
Lukewarm and robotic reception which spills the place
We were received by a Chinese -speaking "Villager" upon entering the village. It is well set up, which gives a glimpse of the old life style of the local Jeju islanders. However, after a brief talk about the life of the local people, the guide was more interested to get us all seated inside a hut to sell her products, such as honey, Omija tea, and lo and behold...horse bone pellets (remedy for loss of calcium)! Her sales pitch was pushy and rather unfriendly, and we were not that interested by her goods (the price was exorbitant), we could sense her attitude turned from lukewarm to really cold. There is no doubt some local people really live here, as to keep the tradition alive, also supported by the government to do so. I think is better to keep the selling of local goods to another area (like setting up a gift shop), rather than incorporating it as some kind of compulsory lecture within the guide tour. I find that most off-putting. I give this place an average rating. The surrounding restaurants which serve the famous pork dishes from black pig were good.
Korean past demo
A village that has been created to show what life in Korea used to be in the past. For an Indian like me, such places like this exist in my country which are unchanged for centuries. So it was not a marvel for me and my jaw was not exactly dropping looking at the kind of chores they used to do in the past. It could be exotic for people who have never seen something like this, but ho-hum for moi.
Friendly
It's a village where people now are still actually living there. We had a local woman working as volunteer explaining the traditions and the history. In the end they will try to sell their local products (tea and natural medicines which suppose to be good for health), but even if you have no interest I think they will still be friendly to you.
Very Educational...but Fun!
Going to the Jeju Folk Village is like taking a trip back in time.  I can only imagine how hardy the people of Jeju were in order to survive.  You can see replicas of ancient houses, learn about the different social classes...even play dress up....my mom dressed up as a queen of the Joseon Dynasty and I dressed up as a kisaeng (not fun with my big feet) and we got our pictures taken and had a good laugh.  For those of you who have watched Dae Jang Geum, the folk village is not to be missed.
Must see if you go to Korea
This is a great place to learn, displaying so much sort of Korean Traditional things. You will be able to learn lots of exciting Korean culture.. Try some Korean traditional food and learn how they used to stay. Must be there before leaving Korea.
going back to past
It was a good place to  go and very interesting!people is friendly over there and they are glad to help youwith your tour, ohhh but they want to sell some traditional very expensive products, I didn't buy but they still nice.
education park n refreshing
the park planting many flowers and plants outside traditional housing. Very refreshing, we can teach our sister too who start to love Korean culture about traditional village.
Entertaining and informative
At the entrance of the village, the town mayor greets us. It’s a very small town. But this guy speaks good English, easily understandable, proceeds to his narrative of the village, it’s culture and history. Very informative and entertaining as he interjects jokes from time to time that find application in our daily lives. At the end of the tour, he will try to sell you tea concentrate (which really tastes good, just did not buy because of luggage space management) and a beauty product, horse oil cream, which if we look at his face, would seem to be doing a good job. His skin is very firm despite his old age. My friend was convinced to buy one because of his skin. Short visit but worth every minute
Folk village visit
Awesome,unique place and interesting cultural history, fresh and green,easy to find and will cone again
Full day tour
Part of the full day tour Well worth the visit.Interesting to see how life was many centuries ago and how tough life would have been.
Nice but...
Nice but nothing special. You will find these places all over the country. You can just have a look at the buildings and thats it.
Well executed
Seongeup Folk Village  - As a rule of thumb I actually advise people to go and explore the world outside.
Small  folk village
This is a small folk village and limited information. The local man was lovely but there is not much to see
Historic tour
The filming location of a period Korean drama series, this place is reputed a well preserved village with part of the original city walls, official houses and commoners houses still intact. Several families still live here to maintain the place. Worth the trip if you are into this kind of things.
Folk village exploration
A place where you can visit to see traditional houses. The park is pretty big and takes 2 hrs to complete walking around. It’s quite informative if u are interested in folk culture.
A traditional village with modern technology
It is one of the few villages that still exist on Jeju with complete retention of the traditional houses. The villagers still live in these houses but with modernized technology. They no longer uses the open air toilets, rearing black pigs and using electricity for lights, television and wifi. This is also the village that Dae Chang Guem were filmed in the early 2000s. Interesting to walk in the village as if we have travelled the time back in the past.
Interesting village
People still live here!     There was no admission fee.   We drove right in and walked around.     Obviously, the biggest thing is the roofs which are replaced every year.     You still have the stone walls and the entry gate.     We saw several people who still live here but didn’t interact with any of them.    The village was a convenient stop on our way back from the eastern side of the island.     I wouldn’t make a special trip to see it but it’s certainly worth 20-30 minutes if it’s on your way.
Surprised by the mixed reviews
I went with the Yeha Bus Tour so my experience may have been better than if I had simply driven there. I found the tour informative. It's not a reproduction it dates back over a hundred years, homes having passed down from generation to generation. A few have been kept original for tourist. Most of the homes continue to evolve and have electricity and modern comforts. People live there and largely ignore the tourist.
Not really my thing - but some people might find it interesting
The Seongeup Folk Village was a walled-in village in the southeast of the island where stone homes showed the construction, culture and lifestyle of the island’s people long ago.Obviously, Jeju wants to maintain some type of historical reference to the old lifestyle.  Our tour guide made it interesting by talking about some practical aspects of the design of the huts (how it was heated, how it was built, etc), but this just wasn't my thing.  In fact, several families that help with the upkeep of the huts actually live in other huts in the community.  That said, those huts have modern adjustments like windows, electric power, etc so even they have moved beyond the "old ways".  The village had a few shops and a restroom and outside the village was a convenience store with drinks available and another restroom. For me, the bottom line was - I would have preferred to spend the time at a natural landmark (waterfall, cave, hiking trail, etc) instead of doing this, but it was part of an all day tour.  There are simply too many other options to see in Jeju for this to make it to the top of the list, unless it is your "thing".
Artificial
Not a real village and no real people living it is a copy made for tourists it did not impress us withe the way Korean villagers are living
Large village showing life in Korea in prior years.
We book a tour on line from the cruise ship before we arrived at the port. The tour included a visit to Seongeup Folk Village.  There was an admission fee to the village.  There are several walkways around the village. The walkways are well maintained and there are no steps to climb.  There are exhibits our old building, farming and animals.  There are clean restrooms along the walkways.
interesting
we were shown how.peopel live in the past in.jejuwe were in a small one owned by a couple who lives there it's nice to.undwrtand I would go
A big village for full visit
This place is big and we didn’t go through each inch of this place as both of us felt tired when came to this place. If you have time and the leg can support the walk, a good place to spend time with.
We use waze to drive here
First we were ushered by a kind lady to her village and gave us a free guided tour to the small village , we used the restroom , finally she introduced us some of the products she sell to us like jeju honey , horse cream oil . But the real Seonguep village was behind this lady village which was bigger than hers and where the korea drama "Daejungum "was filmed .
Unique place
We visited Seongeup Folk Villagein end Jan 2018, it’s snowing during our visit. There is a lady tour guide that speak English assign to us. She did it well and we enjoy the visit. The building in village are unique. We were there on the good timing where snows make the area really beautiful. You also can buy some of the products they sell over there, anyway is optional.
Family vacation
Visited this place during our family vacation. This place tell u the stories and life of the Korean in the early days. Good experienced and informative.
Authentic Village
If you are looking for a culture house of Korea. You can get here. I went to this small village on 25th Dec 2017. Not expecting much. This village sell many product from Omija Tea, Horse Bone Extract, and Real Honey from Bees' Farm. And this place were used for shooting "Daejanggeum". Even the sales here used to be extra cast on that series.
Interesting
Always you can see from Korean drama movies of their house. Now you can see from your eyes. How the house split in few session. Such as, toilet and bath area. Quite interesting. Do not miss it.. must go and visit.
Tourist trap
Beware for this is one of the tourist traps that you have to watch out for. First they will say that entrance fee is free of charge, then they will show you their tradition houses (which is okay, no offense) but at the end of the tour, they will bring you into a room and give you sample of the products that they sell in outrageous prices. Omija tea, horse oil lotion, and the list goes on. It was good that they didn't insist that we buy, we just said that we don't need them as we have already bought what we need.
Come with tour guide
Came here by tour, would only recommend if someone is explaining the history of the village to you. The price of the products they sell maybe slightly overpriced so so take note.
The antique village
Yes, you can have chance to see the Korean old houses. However, there is nothing much for you to visit. No tourist information or any other services around. We take a long bus to reach there and go back in 10 minutes then.
Interesting
Interesting but not a must. The village tries to explore the way of life in the past. Not to impressive.
Nice Historical Village
We got a very nice tour from a local resident who spoke fairly good English.  It was very interesting to see how the huts were designed and the durability of the thatch roofs.  There was a sales pitch to buy some locally made tea and other products (which were very expensive) but no one bought anything.  You would think that they would figure out international tourists wouldn't be buying any kind of drinks to bring back home.
Really nice village
500 years okd village worth to see it. Do not miss oportunity to visit it. Next time I will come again.
Quaint village
Nice feeling as you walk around the quaint little village which are still lived in by residents.  There was a free tour given and tour guide spoke English. Ended tour with a little presentation of the products sold by the village.  Good for a 1/2 day adventure.
GOOD PLACE TO LEARN MORE OF THE EARLY SETTLEMENTS IN JEJU ISLAND
Interesting site to learnt about the earlier settlements of Jeju island.  Be prepare to walk for an hour or more in the large estate and bring lotsa of water.  They preserve the huts pretty well.  There are mannequins but with REAL LIVESTOCKS.
Nothing much to see
If you have other places on your itinerary, you can drop this place for your itinerary as there are nothing much to see here.
Unique insight into a traditional lifestyle
The weather was very wet the day we visited which meant our visit was probably shorter than I would have liked. The guide was informative and the houses fascinating. Well worth a look and you can same the local honey based drink if you wish and possibly purchase if you want.
So.... I Think We Went In The Back Way?
Initially, we were only planning on staying here for a few minutes to take some pictures because the reviews were so mediocre. We rented a car and drove to the entrance our GPS took us to (FYI if you rent a car and don't read Korean, make sure you get a GPS with it, Google maps/Apple maps/etc doesn't work in Korea, only Naver). I think it was some kind kind of back entrance, off the road, because no buses or anything were parked there. There wasn't even really a parking lot. When we walked through the village, to the other side, we saw the big parking lot and all the cheesy buildings and shops and stuff. But from the back side, it was just lots of nice little houses (some I think still had people living there) and pretty, walled-off yards. We were there in the morning and the are we were in had almost no one around, except for a few Chinese ladies who had decided to leave their tour and were having fun (we saw them rejoin with their tour later, so I didn't pull that out of thin air, lol). The main front entrance area is way more touristy and that's probably all people getting off the bus see, hence the bad reviews. If you keep walking through the whole town and take your time (if you can), it's actually pretty and peaceful. I think we spent a couple hours here.
Friendly old local village
Small local old village. There are several old huts for tourist to visit.Shops sell honey, traditional juice and facial cream inside those houses.Sales are very helpful to show direction of road. They speak fluent Mandarin.
Can skip this place. Not worth to go.
Quite disappointed. Can skip this  place as nothing much to see. Only tour guide explaining the history. Never expected a sales talk at the end. Keep on asking us to buy the local products. Horse bone @ 50,000₩,  Horse Oil @ 55,000₩, Honery @ 50,000₩ and Tea @50,000₩.
Beautiful Folk Village
I love this place and how I wish that there were a film shooting there....poor me😭😀. It was a long way to go there but as always it was worth it. If you like Korean Historical Drama Films that this place is must to visit.
A very small village with an interesting tour guide
This is a very small place. But the tour guide tells us a lot about the history of Jeju and the story of the stone statue. She is very funny and it is a pure joy just listening to her story.
Outskirts
This was the last stop of our tour so the sun was setting by the time we got there. I recommend coming in the morning for good pictures. It was quite solemn, cold, and eerie because it was just the tour guide of the village, our tour guide, and the rest of our group in the area. The assigned tour guide had very interesting insights on the place and the rest of Jeju culture. She also sold us some products that the folks of the village made. The berry honey is definitely worth buying.
Mediocre site
This location is quite a nice place for photo taking , the only turn off is that is there are some mixture of areas where the houses have modern features so it can look weird at times.
Unique cultures
This village have very unique culture, if you come to jeju island you must go here, and the honey in here is very good
Jeju's Culture
We were there with a tour group and this itinary was compulsory.  Interesting to understand the history and a better understanding of the culture.  The guide of the village was obviously a Chinese but they spin it to say she is Korean (didn't see any)!  Sold products after the talk and items were not cheap.  360,000 Won for the Horse Bone Powder.  50,000 Won for the Horse Oil.  Saw at other shops away from the village, selling at 30,000 Won for the Horse oil.  Bought the Horse Bone powder and realized everything was in Korean!  If this is a State product and only sold in the village, pamplets of it should be in multi - languages as it is targeted at tourists.
Insights into old Jeju
I am thankful that I was not born a woman in Jeju back in the day. Whilst their husbands lounged around like kings they literally did everything. Some great insights from a man who still lives in a traditional house.
Taste of ancient culture
Cute traditional  houses with Korean villages  culture. Nice scenary  for photos  taking.  If u like  to see ancient culture,  this is a place to visit
An opportunity to get a hard sell to buy horse cream
The small village seemed to be tended by a couple who actually live in the village.  I believe the village is government subsidized as well, but perhaps the couple who lives there gets additional money from selling some products (more on that later).A lady who lives there gave us a tour of the houses at the village.  She started off with where she lives - which is traditional on the outside, but seemed to have all the modern features on the inside.  We then got a small explanation of the milling device there as well and a water collecting jar.  We were also allowed to put one of the water jars on our backs.  A little pig pen and outhouse were shown as well.Unfortunately, the final destination for the tour was a small room where our tour guide could give us a hard sell on some products - mainly some horse cream or something like that...  That sort of ruined the tour, but I could imagine that this could be the tour guide's main source of income.  And she was kind when we said no to the hard sell.The tour was informative in many ways as the tour guide provided a lot of information and stories of the hardship and struggles of the native Jeju people.
a nature place
Seongeup Folk Village of Jeju Island is the place that the past resident live in. The tour guide told us this place can keep well mostly because of the government. The government funds the residents to live here, let them to keep the old building and the culture well. When there have visitor like us, the resident will become a tour guide or shop assistant. It is a good way to spread the culture. Because the residents must know more about the culture than other tour guides. They will show the old tools and teach you how to use it, it is funny and you must be proud of their wisdom.If you like to watch the episode that comes from Korea. You must go here, because most of the building had appeared in the episode, such as “Dae Janggeum”, if you are lucky, you will see the actor here.
Basically here to buy the honey
Interesting look at a folk village. The pig pen explanation is hilarious fun. The honey is good value buy.
nice and historical
you will learn a lot about jeju culture and the house owner was so friendly, nice and funny......and those who love korean drama dang jang geum, this is the shooting site and u will love it!!!...
Traditional Korean House and family
From stories of legend of old people, very interesting and quite heavy life for women and wife who had kids also need to works. at this place id sell the great Honey and mix fruit like syrup its really nice not to sweet lovely.
Folk village in Jeju Island
I was there in the autumn afternoon when the sky was very clear with bright sunshine... The yellow of the ceilings shone the whole village. The scenery was nice and peaceful...
Learning the old days
The nice ladies explained about how they used to lived. With all the traditional houses and traditionThey also sell honey and traditional drinks. It's refreshing and delicious
Be wary of the sales talk at end of tour
Brought by our taxi driver/guide to this place since it was were the Korean drama Jewel in the Palace was filmed supposedly. The lady owner gave us a tour of her property with the pigpen where we saw the famous Jeju black pig, the old kitchen and the living/bedroom quarters which was all good but at the end she brought us to a room where we sampled the nice tea and the sales talk began. It was uncomfortable since we specifically told our driver that we don't want to go to any shopping place. Another thing I didn't know that we were supposed to give a donation for the tour and I'm not sure if the 5 dollars I gave for 2 people was enough.
A walk through time
A visit to this folk village is like a walk through time. It was as if time stopped and all buildings there were from the time it was built. The audio explanation was really informative.
Very informative, appreciated
We had a short very informative visit at this village as part of a day tour. There are many old-style buildings. Very interesting. A very friendly local man explained us the houses, the surroundings and the past way of living there. We tasted some fermented tea. It was very nice. They sell the tea at 40000 KRW. We would have bought a smaller quantity for maybe 10000 if offered, but they had only the large units at 40000.
10% Tour 90% Sales Talk
Been there with friends in a tour group. It's a guided tour, the lady guide is already 60+ years and look very strong still. Place is small and very limited space until we hit a room where the sales talk starts, selling horse bone powder, cream, etc All of us were stuck for a while. Other than it's a place where filming of Da Chang Zing, one can give a skip.
One of the recommendable small tourist spot
We visited May 2016, rainy weather but still open. The staff or local tour guide are very helpful that they provide umbrella that we can use around the folk village. Take note, the staff tour guide we met don't speak much of English, good thing we have our own private tour guide that help on translation. Appreciate the staff for her patience because even though all of her explanations need to be translated, I felt like she didn't skip any detail that we need to know. My favorite part when she showed us those black pig that is famous for their BBQ. Also, the drink that they offer is good that we end up buying one.
Traditional village
Unique traditional village, good story teller. They offer honey and calcium pills from horse bone for 40000 won per bottle.
Just ok
Nothing special here. The tour guide is not good in english but she try her best to communicate with us. She guide and explain to us every single thing there. At the end, she promote their products like honey, cosmetics, seeds and etc. You can pay via credit card.
Popular for filming location
I heard about this folk village 'cause it is very popular for filming location of some Korean Dramas such as De Jang Keum, Juno, Merchant Kim Man Doek...This is an interesting place to see the daily life of locals in old times. We visited the village one day after storm so there were fewer tourists, quieter and no sales presentation, so maybe lucky us.
Jeju honey
Entertaining visit to understand the daily life of Jeju people. Bought honey from this place which they harvest from the mountains. It was a very quick visit though. I came with a tour from Indonesia. They provide a guide who can speak bahasa.
Interesting but spoilt by sales talk
The place is interesting as you get to see how the local folks living condition. But it was spoilt by a sales presentation towards the end of the tour.
Sales talk
If you like culture i suggest you to come here. But remember, there will be a sales talk after the end of tour. Its fun experience to visit this place. Also the tour guide is funny
Short but interesting visit (:
One of the places that was on our plan of visit. Our guide, the lady that lives in the Folk Village (able to speak both English and Chinese) was a really sweet and nice person that explained to us about the lifestyle of people that used to live in the Jeju Folk Village. Albeit the tour was kind of short as the area was not as big, was glad we visited as we gained insights of Jeju's culture and history.
Beware of the product sales talk at the end
What was originally a cultural and historical tour ended with a sales talk of the local health products. They were peddling hard, so be strong with your will power if that's not what you want. The whole village is van be finished in 20 minutes and it felt more like China than Korea with the many fluent Chinese speaking guides who I think are actually Chinese
Touristy
There was actually special rooms dedicated for tourists that sells Korean ginseng. Seems more like a touristy spot for bus loads of tourists. Not much to see.
A taste of old-time Jeju
A small traditional village where you can see the way people used to live on the island. Many houses are still being lived in and the ones on display to the public are few but intriguing.
Avoid , it's a tourist trap to ask you to buy product
Was forced to buy honey after given a short 15 minutes trip in the village. Remember to tell the taxi driver that you don't want to go to this place!
A simple attraction with typical touristy obligations for product purchase
A very small traditional village attraction with free guide who can speak Mandarin. Very limited traditional houses to look at. No big deal. The attraction is apparently made famous by a TV series that filmed there. Nothing much to see but the guide took great efforts in explaining about each mini-attraction in the village. We ended up in a hut being given explanations on the local products they were selling (e.g. local honeys, herbal health drinks, horse bone powder, horse creams). We were not forced to buy but given that the tour was free, we were obliged to buy stuff that we could easily find for lower prices as the markets, especially Dongmun Traditional Markets in Jeju City.
So suprise
I'm from Vietnam and the guide people speak vietnamese too although she come from Korea. And the village is very good, it tell about the people in Jeju is very poor, because woman have to take water in the mountain.
Jeju ancient way of life!
Great place if you are into culture and history as you will enter the medieval village and learnt about how ancient Jeju people lived and some continued to live in straw roof houses and lived the traditional way of life. Recommend to go and follow a local guide to go unless you speak Korean.
The real thing and the museumofied village both here
Serene, inviting and an utterly different beauteous energy of its own at this off the coast stop ( stay atleast an hour or two to really savour it)
Amusing English Guide
We had an old Korean man who has lived there for all his life guiding us around his own house in English. He was very humorous and a very friendly guide. It was an interesting and refreshing experience of learning about the old village way of living in Jeju!
Nothing special!
Nothing great about this place. read that it was a interesting little town but drove there and to see only replicas of the old houses. Lots of tourist were taking photos but that was about it. Visit if you have spare time
Historical
A little village where most of it residence is women and children. We were brief about the history of the village by a guide in English. We were brought around the village for a visit. Finally we were brought into a small hut where it has been use as a shop for local product. We were all allow to taste the juice and other products which is locally produce in that small village and we can buy it home too if we want too.
Very interesting
This was a lovely place to visit and learn about the history and culture of these people. We visited the home of a man and his wife whose family had been in the area for several generations. He talked about the olden days, showed us his home and talked about the cosmetics and tea made out of horse and donkey. We were extremely happy with the service and information. An interesting visit.
Worth A Stop
Part of a tour I took. I enjoyed the presentation and the chance to see and learn some of the history of Jeju.
be careful
we saw a signage stating 'can speak mandarin' with some car parking space outside so we went down, apparently is a very small 'display village' which the 'guide' explained some of the history & activities. didn't manage to see live black pigs. the 'guide' saw we cannot enter the actual village as was occupied with people (which I am not sure how true it is). and they started selling us product in the end... however we manage to see folk village which we think should be the 'real / correct' one when we left and go straight down the road and see walls surrounding with flag & a big map (which too bad we can't understand)
great place to visit
The admission is free of charge and they have volunteer guides in the village to show you around, explain the history of the village. Volunteer guides can speak either english or chinese. Can try some special local products in this village which claimed to be good for health.
A glimpse of village
A glimpse of village can be found by visiting this place. It represents the Korean culture and old architectures.
Great for history lovers!
Beautiful thatched-roofed houses, monuments and stories about Jeju that will make you appreciate the island more. Ask your tour guide or whoever works there what is the story about the gates with 3 log sticks. Found the history behind that very intriguing.
Conservative Village
It's good place for experience the local community which they will arrange the local guide whom live tin the village to give you the informations and details about the village including the history and culture. There's the translator for the local people since they are hardly speak other language besides Korean. They will explain the way they hand the wooden stick at the gate. The meaning of the stone statue. They will have to room the tell us their history and story. They will have a village walk so everyone can see and experiences their village including photo shooting. They will show us how to make "Omecha" which it the berry layer with honey and keep in the jar for conservative before consume it. The Omecha is sticky so need to mix with water for drinking and contain a lot of vitamins. The local guide will try to up sales their local products after tour such as Omecha and horse bone. They make the bone into small pills and they said its good for those whom need calcium or need recovery from injury and also good for the growth of young kid. They also sell dried squids which already mix with sauce before dried it. It's a good experience as the village is very unique. The house is only one floor and low ceiling since Jeju is very windy. The wall also made with the lava stone from the hallasan mountain.Avoid to go during rainy day even they provide the umbrella during the walk but it's not convenience at all.
Very brief tour before the sales pitch came out
A rather large village, of what we were allowed to see maybe two "houses". A very brief history was told about the place, before we were yet again, ushered into another hut, only to persuaded into buying some super magical powder tea drink. I politely refused.
Tradition and history
The village has preservations from time past. It made for a pleasant morning walk through the village.It's used much for filming of historical period dramas. One gets to see, close up, relative size et al, a little of what life was like 100 years ago.I enjoyed the bright golden sunshine, flowering trees and the beautiful voice of our guide who sang 2 folk songs whilst using a wine jar as an instrument.We also viewed the daily life of the women divers . Amazing people who adapted so well to the harsh realities of their world.
Film shooting location
Nothing much here, just a folk village and they have kept it well for tourism and filming location. It is also said that stuff selling here is without tax.
Funny guide, great experience
Service⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐Experience⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐Value for money⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐🏆Highly recommendedFolk village was great and authentic but the guide was probably the best attraction. Funny, witty and playful, the official guide for the village made us laugh continuously for the entire time we were there (probably to make us feel obliged to buy their honey and umija tea). Their honey is 100% natural and can cure a variety of ailments. Their umija tea is very sweet and bound to be a favourite for young kids. Highly recommended for tourists with kids.
History speaks
Good place to bring ur family and get to know the history of the folk village. A lot of things that u can learn .
folk village
We joined Yeha Tour and this is one of the stops. Good information, humor house owner. Do not buy the house oil which cost 40000 won. It is similar to Guerisson 9-complex which costs less than US$20 when you buy from lotte duty free Jeju
Interesting Ancient Village
We did not had a chance to really walk around the village due to the on-going construction. Only manage to explore the front part of the village. There are students who volunteer themselves to walk you through the history of the village. Quite an interesting one. At the end of the sharing, they also do some selling.
Ok but a tad boring
Interesting to see the way the old buildings were built nut was a tad boring. I thought we'd see people making things in the old methods but most of the buildings were empty. Not what we thought we'd see. With the lack of time we had a Jeju I would have preferred to see something else.
Good old town
This is an old town but still several family lives in. The lady who sells special fruit tee and supplements talks funny and we enjoyed a lot.
interesting local village
Yeah, this is a real village, whereby the Korean government had deemed it as a living historical site. The villagers are actually living there.You can get the Korean honey there for 40,000 won. A must get for you. Also if you had watched "Dae Jang Geum" drama, the daughter of the village head is one of the person giving the tour.And the way they greet tourist is unique. Experience it yourself. Not sure if there is any entrance fee as I was on a package tour and this was part of the itinerary.
Interesting folk village
At start, the guide will demonstrate their traditions and culture which is quite interesting. At the end, they will try to sell you their premium honey. 50% of the time wasted listening to their premium honey introduction.
An excellent relic of Korean folk life
I visited on a tour from Yeha Bus Tours. It was such an awesome experience that I would have never seen if it wasn't for being part of that tour. The buildings were really neat and the restaurant was delicious. I was there on a rainy day but it was still pleasant. The mist contributed to the mysterious and dreamy vibe that this place had. I recommend carrying a small umbrella. I needed it throughout my 2 week stay in South Korea.
A well preserved folk village
This village is very well preserved and all the thatched roof houses still live in people with generations down the many 100 of years. The ancient mayor office which is called Gaeksa still remains in the centre of the village and was used to be the place of festivals for the old or parties. Likewise to the castle that was built during the korea ancie dynastiy is still preserved well.
Nice village
Went there with our taxi tour guide. The village is very nice. Check out the folk village toilet.  And don't forget to say. Eay well my friends. You'll see lol
Its like stepping back in time
Went as part of a cruise ship itinerary. It really is like stepping back in time to see houses and the village preserved as it was before technology existed.
Interesting Visit
Good introduction to early life in Korea, but you'll get more out of the visit if you had a local guide with you.
Fun to Explore
If you like to explore and take pictures of traditional structures, this is the place for you. There are not a lot of explanations of what you are seeing but I don't think it needs it. There are some stores but not much. It is just like wandering around an old neighborhood. We went there on a taxi tour. I am not sure how easy it would be to access by public transportation.
A great place to kill sometime and see history at the same time
You should visit the Folk Village if you : Want to see how they lived back in those days, you love to watch Korean drama's, you have time to kill or you want to keep the kids occupied.Overall not a bad place to spend a few hours
Met the only English speaking guide of the village
We were greeted by the only English speaking guide of the village. He must have encountered many tourists and picked up a bit of foreign languages. He was able to greet us in our national language. Further more, he explained that there are no beggars, thieves and gates in Jeju. The villagers live in thatched roof houses with stone walls , black volcanic lava  stones as fence and poles serving as gates. There are three long poles, if one pole is up, it means the owner is away for a few minutes and will be back soon; when two poles are up is an indication that the owner will be away for the whole day; whereas when three poles are up , the. Owner will be away for quite a long time.  Just beside the poles gate will be stone statues of grandfather and Jeju woman carrying a water jug .  Long time ago, Jeju men were treated like kings as due to volcanic eruptions lots of males died and those that have survived had been involved with war activities.  So in the end, there were very few men left and they were thus treated like kings, no need to work, only rest at home, drink wine and enjoy. However, the Jeju women had to do all the household chores, take care of the children and do other work like as divers hunting for shellfish. There was no piped water source then and the women had to carry jars of water on their back from a water source which is usually situated quite a distance away. My sympathies to the Jeju women of yesteryears. And these women had devised an ingenious water filtering system by placing water jars next to nettle trees. There are nettle leaves tied to the tree branch by a straw. The straw cleans the rainwater coming down from the leaves to the container.  One can also see a pig pen attached to a toilet.. In the olden days, the black pigs used to feed on the human feces  that passed down from the toilet. Nowadays, the pigs do not feed on feces anymore but normal pig food and Jeju is famous for barbecued black pork pig,  very succulent and tender. After the tour, our guide told us the village was the shooting location for the famous Korean drama Dae Jang Geum and we were directed into a mini hall where the guide introduced us to Jeju products - black omija tea, honey and horse cream. Howerver, we were not obligated to buy
Jeju traditional heritage
The guide will tell you about the traditions and culture of the folks living in this village, of how women remain breadwinners in their family.
Traditional Korean House
it's a unique culture of jeju island, black lava rock wall. they do provide free guide tour, interesting explanation.
Traditional homes
A local will show you around and explain about traditional living in korea, but you cant really enter the houses. They will end the short tour by selling their products. I bought the honey and it was pretty tasty.. There was literally only 2 bathroom stalls so expect long lines.
Traditional Korean Heritage
It;s amazing that in a modern country like South Korea, this traditional village is still well appreciated by the government either by Korean people. This village can describe the situation of the ancient life of Korean people. Now, the village people have to accept modern life and for survival they promote and sell a kind of traditional medicine made of the extract of horse meat.
Traditional Homes
Korean heritage homes should  be preserved for future generations to appreciate.  Great to be able to see what kind of homes in the olden days the korean people live in.
amazing introduction to the history of jeju women
thank to the Chinese tour guide, we had a very informative (and frank) introduction to the history of jeju-do. the place is also very picturesque, with all the ancient architectures. it feels like going back in time. there'll also be a sales promotion time, but the tour guide said that we do not have to buy anything if we don't want to, she just have to make an introduction of the products of jeju-do. there's no forced sale, just informative introduction of everything jeju.
Interesting and with some sales talk
It is interesting to see this authentic folk village that is the only one that still exist in Korea with people living there. Our Chinese guide allocated to us was good and she explained everything to us on their culture and how this village is sustaining. There wasn't so much of pressure that she pushes us to buy the products as she explains that she is just doing her job to explain but if we decide not to buy, that's totally fine too. We tried the products and we like it and bought some. It maybe a little pricey but she mentioned that the proceeds go back to these villagers too. It was a happy sale to me. No pressure.
A good place to see how the ancient Korean live
This is a good place where you can learn how the ancient Korean live their lifestyle. You can also find a black pig here in Jeju.
Wish we had more time
We learnt about the folklore, daily life and local people in the village, worthy the 1-hour drive! The local guide (an old woman) taught us some dialect and showed us some daily-used tools back in the past. At last she led us to a shopping room for some honey and medicine. It would have been perfect if we had more time and spent less in the shop.
Nice and quiet folk village
It;s a historical village where we can find the heritage of old Jeju's culture from the past. We're walking around to see closely the way jeju's origin people.
Historical Folk Village
I found the place semi-interesting. Traditional Jeju houses made of stone and straw. Need a good guide to explain the history of the place. The only piece that really caught my attention was the pig-cage where villagers poop. Villagers used a long stick to help them from not falling off when doing the deed. The honey and berry drink they gave was quite delicious.
Sleepy Village
Slow and sleepy village. Hardly see any activities from the people living here. Where have they gone to?Saw some shops selling food and stuff.The village is preserved in the traditional way of the early generations. Good for educational purpose but you need a guide who is able to explain the meaning of their livelihood.
educational
We went to the folk village and had an educational tour of how Jeju locals lived in the past and how some still choose to live in their small hut houses (with government support). Afterwards, we were offered omija tea for relaxation and for something to bring home.
A good glimpse at Jeju culture
Nice village depicts the life of ancient Jeju people. I was impressed by the statues and houses with lava rocks. Besides, the food there was really good. I loved the pork BBQ. Nice place!
See Jeju culture
Ermm. I like this place. The houses are maintained like they used to be long time ago but people still live inside (watching tv) make the village so lively. The place is clean, well-protected and demonstrate Jeju culture.
A genuine relic of the past
This village illustrates how people lived before Korea became the powerhouse it now is-an interesting piece of history.
Like the stories
As per previous reviewers, we are greeted by a China lady who bring us around the village explaining the history of this village. I admit her stories and sayings are interesting and we learnt more about the old jeju village. After we say no to her products, she left us free to explore the small village. Not a place I will go back but i remembered the stories.
Nice experience
The people here still preserve the living style from ancient time. When we mention to our driver that we wanted to visit a folk village, he asked us if we wanted to visit the "fake" or "authentic", and here we are, chosen the original folk village.We were greeted by one of the villager there （sorry for not remembering his name). He brought us around for a 15 mins tour, introduction to jeju, an island with no gate, no thief and no beggar. And the introduction to jeju's "gate", haruebang, etc.Towards the end of the trip, he was trying to sell the cactus honey and horse bones medication to us. There's no hard sell though, he just let us go after we said no.
Drumming, ceramics for visitors
This is a wonderful park-like place that includes a portion of lava tube, traditional drums that are available for people to play around on, and apparently numerous classes including pottery. The plantings are fabulous, and there are some examples of Jeju's own dialect.
Seongeup Folk Village of Jeju
The lack of literature on the Seongeup Folk village was compensated by the cheerful caretaker who gave informative, colourful and refreshing description of their well preserved ancient village.The village revealed a period of time when peace and security were prevailing, and privacy was highly respected. No one would enter the village when the two horizontal portable poles placed across the main entrance were not removed.Visitors would learn about the social structure of the days gone by, when men were out-numbered by women, when men stayed home and were pampered, while the women became the "work-horses" of the family.  Apart from becoming skilled divers, many womenfolk had to travel long distance daily, carrying heavy loads of water supply or agricultural products back to their homes.One would be surprised to learn that rudimentary recycling system was already being practiced. The caretaker must be congratulated for so cleverly circumvented the description the "grand father" stone status, which was in the shape of a male organ.  She described the statue as a god that offered protection against the demons, and promoted fertility for the living.
There are better.
It is interesting because people actually live there in the old style.  The physical village wasn't much different from other villages you can stop at.  Even though some other places were created for tourist, at least the villagers acted happy and were willing to share some information.
Authentic experience
This is a lived-in Village.  Locals are still living their lives as how they used to live centuries ago.  That being said, modernity started to encroach into the lives here with satellite dishes being placed outside their residences and that villagers explained that theft & burglary are starting to become a nuisance, most possibly caused by tourists that came to their village.  Here, you got to learn about sustainability measures that were used before and we have to ask ourselves why such tradition isn't continuing.  That being said, there are certain customs that are gone for good measures such as the black pigs that are raised there.  In the olden days, the pigs would be fed faeces by humans and then, their meat would be consumed by humans (recycling)!  Anyhow, this is only applicable if you are genuinely curious about Jeju way of life, which is VERY different from the mainland.
Insight into traditional living, but hardsell honey and liver enriching product not seem to blend in...
As reviewed here, the first 10-15 minutes guests are taken on a tour to the various stations to see how traditional living in korea were. However the sales pitch on honey and several other product seems to have nothing really to do with the traditional farm life (or not obvious)... Do note the sales is not compulsory, but often, guests are 'pressured' into buying something by other guests..
potret of old house
just some prototype of old korean house, and for sure they want to sell honey with all the promotion :-)
Traditional Folk Village
It was something of a revelation of the way people lived there in the past & it's amazing how they were able to preserve them all this time. I liked most the way they made their fences with lava stones piled in such a way without any cement & they could stand the test of time without crumbling knowing that Jeju is very windy.
Folk Village
Friendly villagers stay here despite tourist invading their privacy. This is the most quiet tourist attraction I visited in my 8 days in Seoul and Jeju.  Only 2 of us and our local tour guide move around the village... so plenty of photo taking opportunities.
