hello kitty island experience
A true hello kitty's fan dream come true, hello kitty is literally everywhere; on the walls, floors, pictures, in the bathroom, and there's even a cafe inside. It is beyond beautiful.
Hello Kitty, hello Cutie!
For an adult family you would think this place would be a bore!However we all loved this pink palace. It's cute, entertaining and fun!
I loved it, but best for adult fans.
If you love Hello Kitty, I think you will really like it. That being said, though, I think it is better for adult fans than for kids. For the most part, it is a Hello Kitty museum with displays for looking at. There's not really much for kids to do, other than look. The cafe was good, and cute. The gift shop had some cool stuff I hadn't seen elsewhere, but it is pricey. All in all, I would say that I am really glad I saw it, because it was super cute, but it wouldn't warrant a return visit.
Nice but boring
We went on a tour trip to Seoul / Jeju Island. It has included with this Hello Kitty place. Frankly speaking, it has very beautiful hello kitty decorations all over. But none of us is interested as our family don’t have hello kitty fans. It’s best suitable for young little sweet girls! They’ll sure love it.
everything Hello Kitty
If you are planning to visit the Hello Kitty Island, beware: there is a specific audience that his place caters to; it is not recommended for everyone. Our tour group went here in lieu of the Trick Eye Museum.Little girls and Hello Kitty fans would love this place. Hello Kitty merchandise are displayed everywhere. There is also a room that narrates the history of how Sanrio characters came about.  There is a Hello Kitty Café at the 2nd floor. On the 3rd floor, there is an auditorium that plays a Hello Kitty-themed show. Outside is an open-air Hello Kitty-themed miniature garden maze. The view of the landscape from here is wonderful. For me, it was meh. I am not among those that this place was built for.On the plus side, there a postcards available at the souvenir shop, which you pass through as you exit the building. I also liked the stamping stations spread around the place, which are reminiscent of postmarks.
Definitely for Kids
If you are a Hello Kitty lover and an adult, it will be nice to see all of the different Hello Kitty items, but it will also be pretty boring for you as well.  This museum is definitely geared towards kids, though I think that there could be more activities for them. The gift shop at the end of everything is quite nice but rather expensive.
Hello Kitty Island
Who doesn't love Hello Kitty? Exploring this place has been one of my dreams. You will see all sorts of Hello Kitty that will really amaze you.
Help Kitty Merchandise Building
We chance upon this on our drive from Seogwipo to Hyeopjae.  The pink building is big and visible from the highway. They should have repainted it as it looks washout and faded pink. But once I step in, it’s totally new! Infact it is even newer than Sanrio Puroland which I visited in Tokyo and bigger than there! I am a true blue HK fan since 40 years ago. Once HK fan steps in, I am sure you will be transformed to a little princess at heart and you’ll be so excited again! There are a lot of Instagram worthy area to take photos. As others pointed out, it has a section that talks about the evolution of HK from 1970s till now.  There are HK rooms, dining room, bus, living room, wardrobe, dressing room etc. Even the toilets are so pretty! Level 2 offers some purikura area, a restaurant and some other HK displays.  There is a 3D dancing room too. On the 3rd floor, there is a open air rooftop HK small maze. On level 1, you go through the souvenirs shop to exit and a notice states that once u exit, u can’t go in again. So it’s best that u buy yr souvenirs when u are ready to leave. I swear I could stay there for 3 hours but as my husband is with me, it only took us about 1.5 hrs to complete our visit. Overall this place is small and not much for non Kitty fans. For us Kitty fans, it is definitely a must visit.
Written by the better half
Disclaimer: this review is written by my better half since I’m obviously not part of the Hello Kitty! target audience.Omg! Everything is in pink! Look at the displays! They are sooooo cuteeeeee! I want to take photos with everything! I’m an adult in Kittyland! Omg, the cafe is so nice! I don’t wanna leaveeeeeeeeee......Back to the lesser half: if you are a guy, just pay the entrance fee and make the Girlfriend/Wife/kids happy. They will love you even more when you cough up for the overpriced merchandise. Seriously, I’ve never seen the Wife happier, not even on our wedding day.
Kill me now, please!
Ok  I am sure some 5 yo s love the Kitty and Pinkness.  My only suggestion would be that there be guides who would accompany the kids so that adults do not have to be subjected to this weirdness.  Have you loved but been overdosed on Disney well that is nothing compared to this!  OMG kill me now!
I loved it, but best for adult fans.
If you love Hello Kitty, I think you will really like it. That being said, though, I think it is better for adult fans than for kids. For the most part, it is a Hello Kitty museum with displays for looking at. There's not really much for kids to do, other than look. The cafe was good, and cute. The gift shop had some cool stuff I hadn't seen elsewhere, but it is pricey. All in all, I would say that I am really glad I saw it, because it was super cute, but it wouldn't warrant a return visit.
Hello Kitty Island
Who doesn't love Hello Kitty? Exploring this place has been one of my dreams. You will see all sorts of Hello Kitty that will really amaze you.
Written by the better half
Disclaimer: this review is written by my better half since I’m obviously not part of the Hello Kitty! target audience.Omg! Everything is in pink! Look at the displays! They are sooooo cuteeeeee! I want to take photos with everything! I’m an adult in Kittyland! Omg, the cafe is so nice! I don’t wanna leaveeeeeeeeee......Back to the lesser half: if you are a guy, just pay the entrance fee and make the Girlfriend/Wife/kids happy. They will love you even more when you cough up for the overpriced merchandise. Seriously, I’ve never seen the Wife happier, not even on our wedding day.
Childhood Hello Kitty fan
I couldn’t resist visiting this place on our way from Jeju city to Seogwipo. It made me giddy as a child. Entry fee is now 14,000 won per adult, and either 11,000 or 13,000 for children. This place has optional guided tours and accepts credit cards. Small room of Hello Kitty history and how her image has evolved since 1976. Original design merch on display. Lots of interactive rooms for kids and 3 floors to play. As an adult I still had fun and enjoyed a Hello Kitty hot chocolate (her face is in the cream), and Hello Kitty-shaped strawberry mousse cake in the cafe. You’re paying for the experience, here, so if you or your child is not a Hello Kitty fan, don’t waste your time. The maze on the roof is shaped like Hello Kitty from an aerial view and is strictly for children—the maze walls are only about 2 feet tall. My favorite part was the art exhibit (2nd floor) and all the small, unexpectedly perfect details (heart shaped straws, Hello Kitty toilet paper!). Souvenir shop: a mechanical pencil costs 7,700 won (more than $6)—I guess this is slightly more than American Sanrio store prices. But, if you’re willing to visit this museum, you’re probably also willing to pay for a momento of your experience.
Excellent place - for kids and adults
At first it just looks like another small museum, but this small place packs in a lot of exciting stuff. From the history of Hello Kitty, to the awesome cafe with Kitty inspired desserts and coffee. From the maze on the terrace to the fun activity space for kids to draw and color, the museum packs wonderful experiences, experiences which will remain etched in my memories.
everything Hello Kitty
If you are planning to visit the Hello Kitty Island, beware: there is a specific audience that his place caters to; it is not recommended for everyone. Our tour group went here in lieu of the Trick Eye Museum.Little girls and Hello Kitty fans would love this place. Hello Kitty merchandise are displayed everywhere. There is also a room that narrates the history of how Sanrio characters came about.  There is a Hello Kitty Café at the 2nd floor. On the 3rd floor, there is an auditorium that plays a Hello Kitty-themed show. Outside is an open-air Hello Kitty-themed miniature garden maze. The view of the landscape from here is wonderful. For me, it was meh. I am not among those that this place was built for.On the plus side, there a postcards available at the souvenir shop, which you pass through as you exit the building. I also liked the stamping stations spread around the place, which are reminiscent of postmarks.
Best to come if you are a Hello Kitty fan
Im not a fan, so i was pretty overwhelmed to see all things pink, cute & kitty. It is definitely a place for Hello Kitty fans, they showcased all different types of Hello Kitty merchandises, from calculator to kitchen wares, to bed sheets, literally everything could be "Hello Kitty-fied" There are ink stamping stations with different hello kitty stamps spread out in the building. So it feels like a little treasure hunt. I enjoy the hunting part though. You can also bring a your notepad if you are a ink stamp collector.Next to the 3D screening room, there is a "lovelock" section. By donating a nominal fee (1,000 won?) you can get one pink heartshaped acrylic and a ziptie, where you can write something on it and tied it up in the mini balcony right outside. There is table and black markers available.There is a colouring section as well where they give you a hello kitty template in paper and there are colouring crayons for you to colour them. Its free. I enjoy this part too. (I think my friend & i were the only adults among the children. Lol)The whole place is just too much pink and sweetness. Lol. Even in the lavatory. Omg. But if you a big fan, this is definitely for you.
Hello Kitty day
A place not to miss if visit Jeju. Hello Kitty Island is not very big, to complete the whole place plus take photos it takes around 2hrs.The entrance fees was quite reasonable. Can take a short break at their cafe, their cakes are delicious. The public bus stop is very near the museum,just less than 3 mins walk. This place is also near to Alive Museum.
Great for children
Not many things can do for adults in here except for taking photos..there're many activities for children such as watching movie,dancing,face painting,and playing area..the cafe price is also expensive..
Overpriced Museum
As a child I was a big Hello Kitty fan and thought it would be nice to visit this place, after seeing it at the airport. Getting here is really easy from the main bus terminal. I did not know what to expect when I got here. But when I got there I noticed it was $12,000 won to get in. But once you are inside there is nothing special about the place to be charging so much. Its just a bunch of halls with Hello Kitty pictures and some random facts. On the second floor there is a Cafe, that is also overpriced and over crowded. Almost impossible to get a good seat. Service is not great. They not only took forever to take my order, I was the only one in line, but also to give me what I had ordered. The gift shop is also an overpriced place with not a lot of options. Knowing what I know now I dont think I would have done this place.
Sweet and pleasant visit
We are not HK fans, but it is still a sweet and pleasant visit. After-all nobody can say 'NO' to an innocent cute little kitty. It is actually a 3 (or 4) storey building, with many life size HK displays in different rooms, including the toilets. There are a small outdoor garden on 3rd flr, a cafe on 2nd flr, a small theatre, children playroom and a 'history' room on 1st flr. Plenty of photo opportunities. There is also a store at the Exit but we found the items much more expensive. Unlike a theme park, there is no ride here. The place was not crowded when we were there in the afternoon. We spent about an hr. Most suitable for children and serious HK fans :)
Nice but boring
We went on a tour trip to Seoul / Jeju Island. It has included with this Hello Kitty place. Frankly speaking, it has very beautiful hello kitty decorations all over. But none of us is interested as our family don’t have hello kitty fans. It’s best suitable for young little sweet girls! They’ll sure love it.
Help Kitty Merchandise Building
We chance upon this on our drive from Seogwipo to Hyeopjae.  The pink building is big and visible from the highway. They should have repainted it as it looks washout and faded pink. But once I step in, it’s totally new! Infact it is even newer than Sanrio Puroland which I visited in Tokyo and bigger than there! I am a true blue HK fan since 40 years ago. Once HK fan steps in, I am sure you will be transformed to a little princess at heart and you’ll be so excited again! There are a lot of Instagram worthy area to take photos. As others pointed out, it has a section that talks about the evolution of HK from 1970s till now.  There are HK rooms, dining room, bus, living room, wardrobe, dressing room etc. Even the toilets are so pretty! Level 2 offers some purikura area, a restaurant and some other HK displays.  There is a 3D dancing room too. On the 3rd floor, there is a open air rooftop HK small maze. On level 1, you go through the souvenirs shop to exit and a notice states that once u exit, u can’t go in again. So it’s best that u buy yr souvenirs when u are ready to leave. I swear I could stay there for 3 hours but as my husband is with me, it only took us about 1.5 hrs to complete our visit. Overall this place is small and not much for non Kitty fans. For us Kitty fans, it is definitely a must visit.
Kill me now, please!
Ok  I am sure some 5 yo s love the Kitty and Pinkness.  My only suggestion would be that there be guides who would accompany the kids so that adults do not have to be subjected to this weirdness.  Have you loved but been overdosed on Disney well that is nothing compared to this!  OMG kill me now!
Love the history of the kitten without a mouth
If you have a love for Hello Kitty you will find its origin, its life and loves.  Custom Hello Kitty Merchandise are for sale although it is a bit on the pricey side.  There is Hello Kitty's library, cafe, and activity corners.
Only for hardcore fans
Ticket price was expensive. Not much activities compared to Malaysia's Hello Kitty attraction in Johor. Cafe chocolate cake and coffee was good.
Must visit for hello kitty fans
admission fee is affordable.located quite far from city.nearly 1 hr ride..museum close early at 6pm so please be early.many photo taking spots.cafe serve quite expensive meals.outdoor maze quite interesting.there is a 3D movie for kids which not only the kids love it adults too.
Smaller than expected, not much specialty items available
I am super Hello Kitty fans and for sure go there when I was in Jeju.  Frankly, it is a place for kids rather than fans.  Not many specialty items available in the shop.  It is a good experience to have a coffee at the cafe.
looks old
We visited the Hello Kitty Island to visit their cafe and also to have a look behind the history. The entrance for the cafe is not free so you have to buy a ticket first. Adults pay 12000 Wong. For this price the should maintain this area better. Outside it looks very used up also inside of the cafe. There were not much people and the tables were not clean. Also the location near a gas station is not the best one.
It's cute
The building looks a bit old. There re space for parking. Inside the castle, there's hello kitty tree at the middle for photo shooting. When you walk inside, there're few theme of hello kitty for photo shooting and walk up the stair to the 2nd floor you will see a few rooms theme of hello kitty including the kitty cafe which sell drinks,Desserts and cakes. The restroom also there. The price is not high. The restaurant decorated in cute seating with hello kitty design. On the way back on ground floor you need to pass the souvenir shop. The price is not cheap for stuffs but if you are hello kitty fan it may worth.
Every girl's wonderland
This is probably the wonderland of 90% of the female population. The place is not huge but if you are going to watch the 3D movie, you have to queue early coz they only have a certain number of 3D glasses. We only have less than 1.5 hours in Hello Kitty Island thus wasn't able to watch the movie. The toilet is cute!! I so love the mirror and of course the cleanliness of the place. Saw a lot of very cute exhibits in the museum. I especially like the bedroom. Wish it was mine. There is a café on the second floor. The deco is all pink and white. Didn't eat coz we were rushing for time and the snacks aren't really cheap. The gifts are expensive too. I can actually get them cheaper when I'm back in Singapore.
“waste of time and money”
The title summed it all up. Unlike a theme park, there is no ride here. there is only exhibition halls for you to look at. Don't expect much from it and you'll be okay. This was all a bit boring. There are too many people and it seems kind of noisy with the chatters.
Still new,still fresh...
The Hello Kitty Island just open for public not along ago, so we can see the collections still fresh and nice. Anyone who Hello Kitty freaks should have visit this place.
hello kitty island experience
A true hello kitty's fan dream come true, hello kitty is literally everywhere; on the walls, floors, pictures, in the bathroom, and there's even a cafe inside. It is beyond beautiful.
Hello Kitty, hello Cutie!
For an adult family you would think this place would be a bore!However we all loved this pink palace. It's cute, entertaining and fun!
Kitten World
Strictly for Hello Kitty fans and children , this place is packed with Hello Kitty merchandises and almost everything is coloured pink here. There are Ink stamping stations around the place which is an another attraction for the kids. There is also a colouring zone where crayons are available free for those who would like to try their skill at coloring,
First & Largest in Korea
Walk into a 3 storeys building. Gift shop, 3D theater, Hello Kitty Cafe and all sorts of Hello Kitty. Good fun place to explore, feeling happy and young again.
Honeymoon @ Hello Kitty Island
Should be fun for kids and Hello Kitty lovers.Premises is quite small and it seems like there isn't many things to look at.The store selling collectibles is very small and doesn't have many things to buy.Should go to the cafe and order a cup of coffee with Hello Kitty prints on it. It is a must thing to do there.
Not the best Hello Kitty fun in South Korea
As a big Hello Kitty fan, I was excited to visit Hello Kitty Island after hearing about it. Although the museum was quite fun, it was pretty run down with many of the exhibits being kind of dirty. The cafe in particular was not on par with the Hello Kitty cafes in Seoul. At those cafes, the cakes and drinks are very fresh but at Hello Kitty Island the cake we ordered tasted (and looked!) like it had been left on the shelf for a while. Similarly the gift shop didn't stock great souvenirs. Considering the price you pay to get in, I would have expected a bit more from this place. If you're a big Hello Kitty fan, I suggest one of the themed places in Seoul.
Heaven!!
Well worth the trip! The museum is very well presented and organized. So cute! So pink! Lots of kids and laughter about. You can opt to pay for extras, like buttons, passport stamp collecting and heart shaped tag to write on and lock onto the balcony. Some furniture is a bit run down but overall it is really well cared for. The staff is very friendly and helpful. You can also get small food and drink from the cafe and there is a jungle gym are for children to play. They have a short movie and photo station on the roof at the end. The gift shop had lots to choose from and prices were pretty good compared to official merchandise sold elsewhere online. Spent almost the whole day there and I loved every second of it. The museum is incredibly interactive, it would be hard not to have fun. Brought my boyfriend and even he couldn't believe how fun it was :)
Overpriced!
We thought that since we are here in Jeju that we should visit Hello Kitty Island to buy our niece some gifts.  It turned out to be a big mistake.  First, there was this steep entry fee that you have to pay just to get into the building.  Then there was this lack of history on Hello Kitty.  Not educational for kids at all.  Finally, the stuff they sell at the gift shop were so expensive it put Japan to shame.  Not much of the products even have the trademark for specific sites.  Hello Kitty fans beware!!  You are better off going to Seoul to get gifts than here.
Not that Well Maintained, Things Look Not That Clean
It's for kids.  Good to take pictures at a distance, but when watching closely, I got the feeling that things are not that clean and new.  The cafe is particularly messy with no one clearing up the food leftover or liquid on the floor, table sticky.
Girls will be girls
You'll find all hello kitty family there. Learn the history and watch the 3D movie. You can also find fancy hello kitty menu there. All suitable with children, especially girls.  You can also buy many souvenirs there.
Good for Hello Kitty fans
Everything is all about Hello Kitty. Pix taken from this museum are so lovely and lively. The elderly also enjoyed ithe place.
Suitable for Kids and Childrens
Not much for the adult to enjoy except taking photos.Pricey entrance ticket and cafe is expensive too.Dun expect much you will not be disappointing.
Like a fairytale story
I'm not a big fan of Hello Kitty (my friend does), but it was fun to stroll around the place. It was filled with Hello Kitty goodness in pink and such a nice place to take pictures. There are so many rooms to be visited, and they even have a rooftop garden! Some of item showcased are very interactive and enjoyable. I believe it's worth the visit as every adult has their own inner-child side. Unravel your younger side out, and you'll enjoy the place lot more than you think. Recommended for families. Make sure to visit their cafe that serves nice choco drink (approx. KRW4000) & the gift shop!Admission fee for adult: approx. KRW10800++
Definitely for Kids
If you are a Hello Kitty lover and an adult, it will be nice to see all of the different Hello Kitty items, but it will also be pretty boring for you as well.  This museum is definitely geared towards kids, though I think that there could be more activities for them. The gift shop at the end of everything is quite nice but rather expensive.
Good Fun for Kids
This place is small but surprisingly occupied us half a day. Largely it’s because of the photo moment and also the activities it has to occupy the kids. These activities are drawing, taking self portrait, kids playground, and watching cartoon etc. There is a small cafe to rest your feet while your kids spend sometime at the indoor playground.
Kitty lover most welcome.
Kitty lovers will love here!! very suitable for hello kitty fans. 3 storey building and there is a cafe inside. Ticket addmision is 12,000 krw
Cute place to visit for Sanrio Fans!
Cute and fun place for little Sanrio fans. It's not that big and there's not much to see. Cafe is great - seats are fun and good cafe food. Have a little bit of everything - art work, history of Sanrio and Hello Kitty, bedroom stageroom, activities room - but it's not that big and not big on experience.
Ok visit
Visited this hello kitty island with my young children and family. Its like a museum of hello kitty, with a lay area for kids on level 2 and also a cafe. On level 3, there is a small theatre area for a short 8 minutes show. The food in the cafe are all hello kitty themed. And not forgetting a hello kitty souvenir shop. Spent around 1 1/2 hours here.
How this place is rated so high is just beyond me!
Total rip off!  The place is very small and totally not worth the ticket price.  We tour the area as best as we could but certainly won't recommend this place to anyone.  Go ONLY if your kids are huge hello kitty fan and you have plenty of time to spare.  Otherwise, save your time and money.
Meet & Greet Hello Kitty
Love visiting this place being a fan of hello kitty. They have a display of hello kitty collections since the 70s and a collection of hello kitty items inside the place. There is a cafe at the second floor where you can dine and enjoy hello kitty face cakes and coffee.I thought it was really an island but its just a 2 storey building showcasing hello kitty stuff. at the 2nd flloor finally found the logo. Nonetheless, i enjoyed and purchased a lot of hello kitty stuff.
Ordinary place for non hello kitty fan
The place has 3 levels. You can get stamps for visiting different stations. There is a cafe, 3D movie hall and play pent for children. A lot of opportunity for photography with hello kitty mechandise.Wouldn't recommend for non hello kitty fan. Nothing much to do here.
Very pricey
It is a shame, that they charge a 2 year old 9000 won for entry. maybe 5000/6000 but 9000 is to much. And then the little dessert Caffee wasn't cheap either.
great place for any hello kitty fan!
i have been a hello kitty collector for over 25 years. this place is  like a walk down memory lane. it is 3 floors and filled with kitty trivia and memorabilia. there is also a gift store and cafe.
Nice an orgenized
Very nice and colorful with all HELLO Kitty history and toys and bag.Very delicious cafe on 2nd floor .3rd floor theater and nice view
No kidding, we like the Hello Kitty-mania!
There are some fictional characters that you and me adore and love during our childhood and yet still relish even though we have become adults. Hello Kitty is certainly one of them, and is a favourite of one of my children. However, the good part is not every visitor to Jeju and the locals are a fan of Hello Kitty, so the Hello Kitty Island Museum is not on the itinerary of most tour companies, and hence it’s not crowded.Getting there and fees: Hello Kitty Island Museum, opened in late 2013, is located in the south west part of Jeju (GPS code/coordinate 7926114).  Not to worry if you cannot find space in the small open-air car park outside the Museum because there’s another huge open air car park below the small one. Parking is free. Entrance fee to the Museum is 12,000 won for adult, 11,000 won for teenagers and 10,000Won for children. However, my family and I made use of the discount coupon for entrance fees from the Hertz car rental discount booklet.The Museum/Attraction: when we entered, we were immediately greeted by a large hall where there’s a circular cone of Hello Kitty toys, a photo-taking stop with the entire Hello Kitty family and Hello Kitty’s house where she’s standing at the balcony welcoming you and beckoning you to enter the door into the various exhibition halls. There are 3 levels with the exhibition halls on the first and second level, the gift shop on the first level, the Hello Kitty Café on the second level and the 3D theatre and an outdoor gallery on the third level. To cover everything, including a meal at the Hello Kitty Café, would easily take about 2-3 hours. In the true sense, this Hello Kitty Museum is a museum – there are exhibits of anything related to the adorable Hello Kitty. There are several themed exhibition halls on the first and second level e.g. History Hall, Art Education Hall, Music Education Hall, World Gallery Hall, Hello Kitty Room, Constellation Education Hall, amongst others.So we took plenty of photographs and selfies. I particularly like the exhibit of Hello Kitty represented by 26 countries (I found my own country) as well as the huge room containing the huge Hello Kitty bed where one of my children got the Hello Kitty toy snatched away by a toddler.At the Hello Kitty Café – with Hello Kitty ribbon windows, Hello Kitty-themed sofas and Hello Kitty engraved tables – you have to try the Hello Kitty Waffle Set, green tea latte, coffee or  hot chocolate (the 3 hot drinks have a profile of Hello Kitty on the surface), Hello Kitty Strawberry Cake and Cheesecake. Really yummy stuff!Whether you are a fan or not of Hello Kitty, I think this Museum is a fun attraction to visit and be acquainted with Hello Kitty. However, be prepared to “share” the premises with many joyful and lively children and teenagers. But if you are not a fan and if you have limited time in Jeju, then I suppose you could spend that 2-3 hours elsewhere.
Kitty Galore!
If you like Hello Kitty, this is an interesting place to go. a 2 storey building converted into wholesomeness of Kitty everywhere. The cafe is nice too - but you need to pay for entrance fee to the museum in order to get into it. The food is average, but presentation is what people are paying for. Definitely a nice place for tonnes of photo taking. It's suitable for any weather. I went when it was snowing outside - so it's nice and warm inside.
Kawaii Overload!
This place is so cute and beautiful inside and out. No matter what age you are, Hello Kitty Island will bring out your inner child! Every single corridor of this building is decorated intricately with Hello Kitty. There's a lot to do. From the Hello Kitty cafe to the Hello Kitty house, this place was a blast to visit.
Kids paradise
Whether or not you are Hello Kitty fan, you will find this place very attractive and impressive, kids will especially love it. Everything, every deco are so hello kittinised, be prepared to take lot of photos. There is a cafe as well with Hello Kitty theme food. I would say this is one of the must go place in Jeju Island.
OK, I don't have the SLIGHTEST interest in Hello Kitty, but if you do, I presume this would be heaven
Hello Kitty is 178,432,196 on my list of interests, but if it is in your top 10 then this place is for you.  What more can I say?  Even for those not into it it is FUNNY how over the top this place is.
Hello Kitty fun for everyone
I started off by lowering my expectations for this tourist stop.  The building is a little outdated from the outside and I wasn't sure how good it could be.  The whole family was pleasantly surprised.  We learned about the fun character and her family and friends.  Everything was well done and there was more to the museum than expected.  My daughter and son both had smiles from ear to ear, making for a great day.
For the Young & the Young at Heart
A big thrill to visit for the young & the young at heart...All things Kitty & the Hello Kitty Cafe is a nice place to enjoy a cuppa Hello Kitty coffee...A must-see place if travelling with kids & young friends.
All girls stuff
Hello kitty madness. Alot of tourists. All pink. Famous among kids. Very big place. Parking is limited.12000won per entry if I'm not wrong. Toilet for guys are limited...hahaha.
Cute Museum for Small Girl
This is a nice and cute museum especially for small girl.  Here They have Theatre, they have explanation about hello kitty, they have restaurant with hello kitty image on the dishes, they have souvenir shop
Must-visit for Hello Kitty Fans
If you are a hello kitty fans, this is a must-visit-place in jeju, accessible by public transport, is along a main road. You get to experience colouring, 3D short movie clips.
Cute museum
Went there with my friend, we took bus from Jungmun (at the bus stop nearby tourist information center, at the right hand side). We took bus no. 781 and alighted at Teddy valley golf and resort, from there turn left (after you alighted) and walk straight for 1 min, you will see the museum at your left hand side. The entrance ticket cost 12000 won per adult. There are gift shop, Kitty History Hall, Music Education Hall, Art Gallery, Hello Kitty Café, 3D Theater and more.. The Hello Kitty Cafe is very big and is beautifully designed and decorated.. There are a lot of cute hello kitty inside the museum and there are also some outside the museum. If you are a hello kitty fan, this is a must visit place when you come to Jeju.The museum closes at 6pm, so you might want to go there earlier.
The happiest day trip!
I love hello kitty, so the place was like wonderland for me. I couldn't find fault with the place. There were a lot of photo spots available, and the technology used in the place was very high tech with projectors, 3D figurines etc. Location was pretty high up a mountain and was difficult to find though.
Small building
It's a 4 story building on its own. Paradise for the kids or if you are a Hello Kitty lover. There is a cafeteria on the 2nd floor, which sells Kitty cakes, coffee, etc.Nothing much to comment here as I travelled on a package tour and this was one of the places. Will not visit this place if I am travelling alone.
Great for families, not so much for anyone else!
I only visited it once and I'm glad I did! It was strange, and for what it is, overpriced. We only went there as a joke. And I could have not have gone there, but I am sort of glad I did. There were loads of kids there so it is definitely a kids thing.
Paradise for kids
Excellent gallery with well maintained playground and beautiful presentation. Do bring your kids there.They will love you even more.
Good for Hello Kitty fans
Since I am fan of Kitty White, I visited this place. Love the place so much, Kitty so cuteeee... But could be nicer if we can see the bathroom of Hello Kitty house (not only peek the picture from the door). Unfortunately the staffs not so helpful. There were only two staffs in entrance (one in ticket booth one who check the ticket). After I finished all, I went to front to ask what bus I should take to go back to Seogwipo. The one who were checking ticket asked me to ask the ticket booth girl, so I queued about 5 minutes. Then when I asked the ticket booth girl, she called the ticket checker girl to tell me the what bus should I take. All she said was "Go to across, bus number I don't know." Hufffttttt!!!!
Should not miss if you love our pretty cat. Pink Pink.
A small but exciting place for your kids who love little kitty. Selfie, wefie, groupfie to keep your memory last long. They also have souvernir to buy home, too.
If you are a Kitty Lover, you must go to Hello Kitty Island
If you go to Jeju Island, this is a good place to go. There is a Kitty Cafe inside, it is the same as those in Seoul. Apart from the Cafe, there is also an souvenir shop, you can buy those limited edition products there. If you drive there, you may need to wait for the parking space during peak hours.
Only just worth it.
Our 4 year old daughter had fun which is the most important. However all in all not spectacular. The 3d cinema was weird to say the least. Nice touch with Hello Kitty decorated cappuccino.
Park in the rooftop is not good
My daughter and I went to this place because my daughter very fond of Hello Kitty. The exhibition room quite good, but we really disappointed when we saw the park on the rooftop... It was not much to see and the Hello Kitty statue at the center of this park very dirty. Ticket price for this place quite high either.
I love kitty!
the pinky building and all kitty stuffs! Very interesting and nice place for pictures. they have cafe & shop for kitty stuffs, Kitty fans this is the place do not be missed. things slightly expensive because of "Sanrio" brand. but not so tourist friendly cos its not a walking distance from town, either by bus or taxi. We took bus to Kitty island (but missed one station cos we dont understand Korean language, we only stop the bus driver when we passed kitty island), for return in convenient we pick taxi (black color), cost us 60USD back to town (like 10mins distance only)
For Hello Kitty Fans and Little Girls
I'm not a Hello Kitty fan so I'm not really all that head over heels in love with the place but it is not boring as well. For those who likes Hello Kitty and its pink stuffs, you'll definitely like it here (especially little girls). There are definitely a lot of HK stuff you can find here and rooms to play with. For adults - you can stay at the HK cafe and enjoy their yogurt, read the HK history or go to the souvenir shop while your kids or friends are busy roaming around the place.
