Beautiful view
There are lot of spots to take beautiful pictures .We can do horse ride or ride in electric motor cars.
Great scenery
Seopjikoji plays second fiddle to Sunrise Peak as the popular tourist attraction in Seongsan.  I actually liked it a lot better because you can actually get a great look at the Sunrise Peak from Seopjikoji Cape.  The two resorts (one of them looking abandoned) on the area is a bit of an eye sore but the eastern end of it has some spectacular views. A picturesque house that was a filming location for a Korean TV show is a popular photo spot along with the lighthouse and the rock formations on the water.
good view place
good view scenery with ocean very east shore in jeju. seafront beach area with lighthouse entrance fee are free if you have car there is parking fee.
Overlooked by Independent travellers
This attraction is near to Seongsan Ilchulbong and is often overlooked by travellers. It offers an amazing view of the ocean and a unique volcanic coastline. Beaches are dotted with black volcanic rocks. The walk up to the lighthouse is easy and suitable for all ages. Cater around 1 hour when visiting this place.
Scenic Seopjikoji
Its a beautiful and scenic place, with the light house. There is some walking and climbing to do but its worth the effort. Its beautiful
Is unexpectedly good walk
We did not get much expectation before we go there; yet it is so marvellous at the sunset time and it is so peaceful and comfy to walk up the little hills and wnjot the views!
Free Attraction Location
We driving to location and find that need to paid for car park, so we just park our car nearby Seopjikoji and walk around 5 mins arrived. In Jeju, you are difficult to find the attraction point is free. Have few shop there and this location have free WiFi.
Over rated under deliver
The hype of the drama ‘All in’ being the filming location of this place did nothing to enhance the  experience. The supposed church in the drama is now turned into a dilapidated Hansen and gretel type of candy house with no care given. No fault with the scenery thou. Was there on a weekday but sees tour buses coming in non stop. Too crowded for our liking.
First trip to Jeju
Our day out to Seopjikoji was a wet one. Luckily, the rain was light..so we still managed to take photos and walk around. Thanks to our guide, we purchased disposable raincoat and walked around quite comfortably.the coast and scenery was BEAUTIFUL. The walk along the pathway was easy as it was lined with anti slip material. Managed to take quite a number of beautiful pictures.
Nice Coastal Walk
We went early in the morning and enjoyed a nice coastal walk. We climbed up to the Lighthouse , enjoying the ocean view.   Place was peaceful and quiet as it is not crowded during this time.   As there is no shaded area, afternoon would be too hot to visit.
Out of this world!
This is one of my favourite place to visit. I would go back again and spend more time taking in the views and exploring the area.We went in the late afternoon so the sun was not so hot. If you go earlier during the day, make sure to protect yourself from the sun as it is an open area with no shade. We saw people with dogs on the path, so I guess there are no restrictions on that. There were also a few tame horses grazing in the area.The path was fairly easy to walk along mostly, just a bit of an incline towards the lighthouse.
Location shooting of korean drama (the white house)
Visiting this place because it is one of the Korean drama shooting location. The house that was once used for shooting cannot be entered. The view outside is pretty good. There are light house at this location, but we didn't stop by the lighthouse because we were chasing time to go to another location. It takes around 30 minutes to explore this place. Entrance fee is free.
Beautiful
Beautiful coastal area with cliffs and lighthouse.  Location for many korean dramas.  Lucky to see amazing halo around the sun over the lighthouse ( from high altitude ice crystals). Women collecting and drying kelp along the road to the carpark.
Worth the Visit
This is my favourite place in Jeju. Nice coastline and well maintained trail. Scenery is beautiful and can easily spend a few hours here. We came on a cloudy day in summer and it was not too hot. If you are coming on a hot sunny summer day, remember to get covered with sunblocks, hat, umbrella etc as there is no shelter/shade at all! It will be scorching!
Beautiful place
Seopjikoji is breathtaking. You can see Seongsan Ilchulbong from the distance as well. Lots of food stalls near the entrance too. It's a good place to walk and feel the breeze. More recommended if you have a car. We took a taxi to get here but it was difficult getting out (taxi aren't frequent and you have to wait unless one comes in). I was hoping to see the canola but they weren't there but it was still enjoyable.
Lighthouse and filming site for 'All in'
We drove to Seopjikoji after visiting Sunrise Peak. There is parking with a small fee. Take a walk to the Lighthouse, some steps but not too steep. On the way, stop by the house/church which is part of the set for the movie 'All in'. Take photos with the beautiful yellow canola flowers, my favourite.
Nice walk, place for sunrise and sunset vibe
Such a nice place to walk and chill out. Good place to come for soft exercise, couple, friends, and family. Apart from being Korean drama site and for flower lover in spring, I found this area is an idea for scenic view of sunrise and sunset, also the view of Seongsan Ilchulbong. Parking lot available in the area. There are accommodations, zippo museum building where Mint restaurant located, and Aqua planet in the area. Easy to walk around with relaxing atmosphere. Good for outdoor activity on nice weather day but personally not recommend for rainy day.
Nice Walk
It was a nice walk but because there were too many people around, it made it a little less desirable. Honestly, not a must place to visit but if you have time then just enjoy the scenery. Personally, I think Seongsan Ilchulbong is a much more beautiful place to visit.
Romantic walk
Very strong wind results in really lovely waves on the volcanic coast line. There is quite a few spots for wedding photos. Forget about the lighthouse and enjoy the wind and raw power.
For Korean Drama Followers
This is a picturesque attraction but the large number of tourists spoils the serenity of the place. If you are a Korean Drama fan then this is a must-see since some drama series were shot here. This is a few minutes away from the major attraction seongsan ilchubong so seopjikoji is not too out of the way.
Canola Field
Situated at the end od eastern shore of Jeju, beautiful scenery especially when the yellow canola are in full bloom during Spring. Admission is free without vehicle. Parking fee is available based on type of vehicle. Please make sure you are fit enough because the trail is quite long to walk through all the way to the canola field and to the end of the trail.
Beautiful Canola Flower Fields
An easy walk that stretches about 700m. Along the way the coastal views are spectacular and breathtaking. We came by early morning and saw the women lady divers in their gear getting ready to plunge into the sea to harvest abalones. The movie set of a Korean drama can be seen along the way followed by big blooming canola fields.
BEAUTIFUL and loving it.
Really an interesting, breathtaking place to visit. Love the whole scenic views from the cliffs, lighthouse, canola flowers, love shape (for a great picture opportunity) etc. I really enjoyed hiking up and walking the coast and definitely breathing the fresh cooling air. Tranquility. View is superb!
Beautiful rock and cliff ocean views
A must-see, although transportation can be difficult. Accessible by bus 201 from downtown Jeju/Jeju-si bus terminal, but the bus stop is very far from the tip of the peninsula where the park and views are. Recommend getting a taxi ride there. We walked all the way around the park, and enjoyed climbing the black rocks and views on the east side all to ourselves. We found a taxi to take us back to the 201 bus stop. Yeha bus tours also has an eastern route that goes to this spot. You can see wildflowers year-round but it is difficult to get a photo with no other visitors in the background. A light house and “cake house” are visible on the cliff’s edge, and both Sunrise Peak (Seongsan Ichulban) and Udo Island are visible in the distance.
For fans of Korean dramas
This attraction will satisfy any fan of Korean dramas. So many scenic views to offer photo opportunities and relive the moments of their favourite scenes from their favourite dramas. Unfortunately, I don’t share the same enthusiasm, so this place was part of my list of attractions to cover.  No regrets but cannot be compared to Seongsan Ilchulbong. Cover this and put a tick on your list.
Excellent Picture Spot
Great to go when rapeseed flowers bloom in March~April. There are only the flower field and a great ocean view, yet people love to take pictures there.
Worth a visit
Great coastal views with well constructed boardwalk. You can take a leisure walk and at every turn of the corner the scenery will change. The snack stall has this pancake with mozzarella fillings at 3000 krw which I enjoyed totally.
Beautiful
Such a beautiful place! Makes you appreciate nature and a great place for taking pictures for your social media!
Scenic view of eastern coast of jeju
Korean film site for movie making . Nice scenic view of the eastern coast of Jeju . Iconic candlestick rock on the sea with good view of the surrounding from lighthouse. Worthwhile visit
Beautiful coastline
Beautiful to walk around during autumn with cooling weather. You get many perfect shoots at this area. Kids will be happy to get a ride horses at 5000 won per ride.
Sunset is beautiful
Evening walk is so pleasant with the changing orange hue of the sunset. Easy, beautiful walk from car park to lighthouse.  The snack stalls at the carpark are also plentiful and snacks (bbq squid) looks pretty legit for 4000 won.Really enjoyed this.
Amazing tourist spot
Visited during autumn season, with the cold breeze and sunlight around, the walk up to the lighthouse was rather comfortable. The scenery of the sea, rocks and the nature itself was simply amazing. Worth the visit for great photoshoots.
Pleasant walk
The parking cost 1000W . Entrance is free . There is a Long Boardwalk which one is able to complete in 20-30 minutes without stopping for photos . One will also pass by the horse riding area - 5000W per ride . One will also pass by a candy house . Expect to spend about an hour there .
Nice walk, fair landscape
Although the tril was nice, the landscape was not amazing, though beautiful. Worth of a short visit.
Enjoyable place to walk
Our family came to catch the sunset with the coastal views. We saw boats coming back to the shore when the sky got dimmer, it was so nice to go for a walk.
Nice walking along the coastline
A long walk uphill along the coastline with scenic views. Highly recommend. However, be prepared for the strong wind
Scenic views
This place is beautiful to walk around and see the stunning views Jeju offers. Its near the Sunrise peak so u can visit those two places with the car and also the bus.
Scenic coastline
Enjoyed the seaview a lot. Weather was great and the sea was very blue. The grilled squid shop there was nice too.
View of the vast ocean
A scenery place where you can see the vast ocean along the east coast of Jeju. Also a nice place to relax and we spotted a lot of cyclists stopped by this place to have short rest before continuing their venture. But, I won't recommend to stay for too long as there isn't shelter around to avoid the scotching sun, unless you want to get tan.
Great for sightseeing
Very scenic, nice parks, fresh breezy wind flows while your nearby the lighthouse. Poor thing is the transportation since no direct bus available. So i took a taxi from seongsan and taxi cost me 60k won! Only after paying I realized that was way too expensive. I believed taxi driver want to say 16k but when i give 60k he nodded ok. Anyway its very hard to find sincere people everywhere...
Lighthouse
Good view, lighthouse for photo taking spot. There’s spot for drama shotging scene. Horse riding for 5000krw.
Very nice view
Seopjikoji is one of my favorite place in Jeju Island. But you sould go by taxi or private car to arrive in Seopjikoji. You can go there by bus but the bus not arrive directly in front of seopjikoji, so you still need taxi or you walk little far.
Nice place
Nice view of the ocean, lots of tourists,  there's a light house and you can have a nice view of ocean there.  Lots of parking spaces,  but still may not be enough on Sunday.
Love this place
This is a lovely place even though in the winter season. Nice hill view surrounded by the sea. I am not familiar with Korean drama "All In" as i was told this is one of the filming location.No entrance fee ia required and it is just about 10 minutes drive from Seongsun Ilchulbong.This place is not quite accessible by public bus. If you are driving, there are plenty of parking lots here but is very full since many locals also come here for walk or visit. Otherwise you will need to book a taxi to here and bring you back.I would say is a good place for photo shooting. Will definitely come again in different season.
Relaxation Walk
This place is good for relaxation walk. I don't recommend this place if you are in a rush. Nice view, windy, easy walk path. Take some time to appreciate the nature.
Nice place to visit
Is a nice place to visit in Jeju. Came here because of the light house and church where "All in" film location. Although we didn't watch this drama, we just want to feel the K-drama location. Haha.. Enjoy the sea view here and it took around 20-30 mins walking trek.
Don’t visit on a Rainy Day
Rain was in the forecast.  Although it was still dry when we arrived in Seopjikoji, the skies were already overcast.  The sea looked gray and mist crowded out most of the views.
Nice walk, bad public transportation
We cam over from City Hall in Jeju-Si. The walk itself is pleasant and is easily done by people of all ages. Not many steep hills or stairs (only to the lighthouse) but access to the area is a mission and a half. Car rental would make it ten times easier. We had to walk 40 mins from the bus stop to the trail entrance and then another 30 mins back to a different bus stop once we finished.
Beautiful views
Wonderful stroll along with the coast. It was very windy but the views were breathtaking. We walked up to the lighthouse and then kept going past the restaurant. We also saw some horses on the backside of the restaurant and then walked back. Great for family photos.
Beautiful scenic walk
My family of three with a ten year old boy were able to enjoy the walk with ease. It is just stunning scenery with amenities around the place.
Good for photos
This place is quite good for those who are fans of Kdrama and those who like taking photos. We were unlucky since it was raining when we went there so we didn't really enjoy the climb.
Seopjikoji
After we past the entrance, we followed along the pathway and walk towards the direction of the lighthouse. Along the way, we saw many volcanic rocks near the seashore while waves crashed against them. Although we had to take some wooden stairs up, there wasn’t much climb up to the lighthouse. Following the lighthouse, we took a stairway down towards the side of the cliff, where there were an abundance of flame grass, with occasional sightings of horses. Seopjikoji was pretty much a relaxing spot where everything falls back to nature.
Easy trail to the lighthouse
As we went on a gloomy and rainy day, there is nothing much to see. Despite the bad weather, there are still quite a number of tourist at the attraction, while the entrance fee was  free, parking fee was required. We do not spend a long time at this spot because of the strong wind and cold weather. I think it will be best to visit on a sunny day .
Wont be disappointed at all
Love the view especially if you were to drive all the way in and climb all the way up along the hill.A good place for photos and spent some time to trek to the lighthouse. Wont regret this trip taken!
Must-Go Area in jeju Island.
We went to this place on july 1, 2017. It was better than Seongsan!. You can also see women divers' sport there. in the local areas a lot of museums and parks are located. so , do not miss it.
A must area to visit in Jeju-do
An area with lot of different museums & nature parks to visit.  Love those amazing waterfalls & volcanic with its nature beauty.
Beautiful place
We visited in the evening time in March so the weather was very cold. The wind was very strong as it's near the coast. There were many beautiful yellow rapeflowers. Very nice for photo shooting. We only walked till the small church as it was getting dark, we did'nt climb up the lighthouse. Think the sceneries would be very nice from the top of the lighthouse.
Go during sunset!
Its a long long walk with great weather and a clear views of the surroundings not very strenous but definately 100% romantic!
Scenic hilltop walk
See the springtime flowers especially the yellow mustard fields as you walk along to the little Hansel & Gretel Gingerbread Church and hilltop lighthouse. Horse rides are available for 5000 won per person.
Good even for old folk
My dad had second stroke, thus he is walking with the help of walking stick, this place is quite nice, though it is consider a long walk to him but he managed to finish the course. Very accessible but unfortunately, we came in early May, not much flower, just green.
Nice views
Nice coastal walk. We had beautiful weather, so the impression was greater. Again as everywhere restrooms were clean.    Parking can be issue if place is crowded.
Beautiful cape
Take a path up and walk in a round, probably an hour to finish the track.Nice view, nice scene and nice architect (the house became popular after being known for the "All-In K-drama". The church is undergoing renovation after part of its structure collapsed.
Spectacular in Spring
The area offers a beautiful coastline walk and was covered with yellow canola fields in spring. There are a few buildings in the area including a lighthouse, a 'candy' house which has unfortunately replaced the house from the drama 'All In' and the spectacular Glass House. I wanted to visit Genius Loci which is a building focused on meditation but it seemed to be closed. The Glass House has a restaurant called Mint on its second floor with lovely views although it was quite expensive. Definitely worth visiting any time of the year but especially when the canola flowers are blooming.
Family with young children
Magnificient & beautiful!! Something u cannot find in Spore. Truly amazing.Love the bed if flowers..
Beautiful views!!!! Must go!
A little bit tricky to get to by public transport but those driving should not have much difficulty. Though we were there on a weekday, many locals were there too. we reached in the late hours of the afternoon. It's a nice long stroll to the lighthouse from the carpark - very walkable. Great views along the way too!
A small peace of heaven
Everyone really loved it!Make sure to bring your selfie stick.Lots of walking.Will definitely revisit.Visited in Summer of 2015
Must visit
It's probably another place by the sea at jeju do. But still it's a must see. Too bad when I went there the flower wasn't blooming, but no regret of visiting it. I still will go back if I have the chance. There's no public transportation to go there. So you have to take the taxi to go there.
Lovely views
This place is very near to Seongsan Ilchulbong (Sunrise Peak) so you could stop by here. I was welcomed by stalls selling snacks and grilled squid. There's a walkway that leads further up and you could see the All-in House as you walk up. You get to see the ocean and lava rocks here as well. Nothing much so I would recommend only for first-timers.
Lovely place
A very beautiful place. Managed to take a picture of the rainbow. Windy too. Do bring a jacket in case catch a chill.
Some decent views, but not much else
The location is a little south of Seongsan Ilchulbong so it can be combined as a pair of stops.  It is on the far eastern portion of Jeju Island.The place is a bit nice for some great views of the cliffs and the sea.  However, I was quite struck by the amount of garbage accumulating at the bottom of the cliffs.  That was quite disappointing.  Nevertheless, you do get these great views, especially from the small lighthouse.  It does take a bit of a hike of stairs up to the lighthouse and if you want to walk through the entire location.  The place is also quite windy and cold, too, during the off-season so prepare for the weather conditions.
Ocean views & rugged lava rocks
Bus loads of tourists are welcomed by delicious whiff of grilled squid and hot snacks sold at stalls at the car park entrance.  The walkway suitable for young and old offers shoreline line of East Jeju, rugged rocks and lava topography protruding into the ocean.  Trail leads to the filming site of K-drama "All-In"; the chapel has since been replaced by a candy house in 2014. The lighthouse trail beckoning at the other end is a more challenging walk. Look out for the interesting relics of signal-fire mounds (yeondae) along the way, used as communication to convey urgent messages to other bases. These signal fires were early alerts against invasions and lighted whenever enemy forces were sighted. Spring time probably has more vivid sights here compared to a dull autumn. Note: Scarf would be handy for ladies in the strong winds.  Suggest this as a stopover sight to Seongsan Sunrise Peak.  Best to self-drive as public transportation isn't nearby. Car park entry KRW500.
Great views
This is a nice park with great pathways leading up to the lighthouse. You get views of the ocean, mountains and rock formations.its a nice walk and even accessible for the handicapped. There's a horse park nearby where you can ride the famous Jeju horse.
Must visit, very beautiful, breathtaking
If I only have one place to visit in Jeju, without doubt, this is the place I will go to! If you got no time, if you only have few hours, don't go elsewhere but here. It is a major MUST visit! The view is to die for. I'm not kidding. It's free but the view worth millions. I only use my ordinary phone to capture pictures, but it turned out so great. No filter needed. The breeze, the sea, the firehouse, the stonehenge look-alike, the green field. I hope they don't change this place and it surroundings like Seongsan. Elderly need to be fit, spacious and a bit hill-y, a bit hiking, many places to walk to, do find the stonehenge. If possible bring a mat, some sandwiches and drinks to sit and enjoy at the green field. Wanted to upload more pics but unable to do so.
Great views of the ocean, nice area for photo shoot
Nice area to take a stroll and enjoy the great views of the ocean and rock formations. Tea at the beautiful Mint restaurant with its glass walls offers an exceptional view of the ocean too but will set you back around 19,000 won.
Never seen such beauty before
I came to Korea just to experience the culture and food, but the scene is really really over my expectation. Walking/ cycling along the coastal road is something you could never forget. Perhaps it's autumn, the weather is beautiful so it's even more romantic. Love it the most during my trip.
Scenic walk
A nice, easy scenic walk along the coast. Nothing too special though so I would only stop by for a short walk if in the area as there are so many other walks with more interesting sites at jejudo.
A scenic walk among many
A nice walk with some good views of the ocean that is punctuated by a lighthouse and some unique rocks. Make sure to bring a hat or an umbrella as there is no shade. The walk is next to the ocean so there is little else to look at aside from the water and the aforementioned rocks. Not a bad place to spend an hour but there are crowds in high season. Consider other walks such as mt songak for much more interesting views.
Seopjikoji in Jeju
This place has been known as a drama shooting place. Thus, there is a chapel built for a drama. But, this chapel is broken by a typhoon. There are also a light house at the hilltop, Zippo Museum, and a famous building called as Genius Loci. You can enjoy the framing beauty of the building. You can walk around seeing the eathern sea of Jeju.
Great walk
It was a great walk - easy walk for all. I think I paid a parking fee and there was no extra fees. A great view of the ocean and the easy walk after lunch. :)
Nice place for a walk with great views
Walk around the steep shore cliffs and take the stairs up to the lighthouse. Cloudy day but still a peaceful place to visit
Beautiful field of flowers
Perfect setting for photo takingBeautiful field of flowers and hidden stools for one to take Instagram worthy photographs!
Misty coastline
All in K-drama filming site. Drizzling, misty coastline, nice slow hike for non climbers family. Go to Mint for a tea break is nice...
Amazing view of skyline
A shooting scene for one of K-Drama, lol I couldn't remember the title. Very good scenic view of coastline. During my visit here weather broadcaster were forecasting the typhoon from HK is coming and the Jeju Island were in threat for stormy, chilly and rainy weather. I could look the 2 layer sky at that moment! magnificent view it was!
Windy and would be nice if its not overrun by tourists
Lots of people were here! The car park was packed and the paths filled with people walking up and down and trying to take a pic. The view is beautiful but it's difficult to enjoy with so many people walking and talking loudly. Bring a jacket bec the wind is strong and it can be cold.
Beautiful Coast line!
Weather was perfect around the time we were there and it was filled with tourist. Parking was easy but there are limited slots. It also cost 500won to park there. Round trip to the light house and back to the car park is around 1hour. Worth a visit to see the beautiful coast line of East Jeju
Breathtaking view of the coast and lighthouse
Breathtaking view of the coast and lighthouse. The perfect spring getaway to enjoy the spreading rape flowers with breathtaking coastal rock shapes. Not easy to access thru public transport
Beautiful view!!
If you go to Jeju for the view, this is a must visit tourist attraction. We love it so much there. It was a beautiful scenery and really represents Jeju
Ok for the view
If u are here to experience the 2003 "All In" drama experience, then u might be disappointed. The chapel that the female lead grew up in was recently replaced by a candy house. The roads have been changed as well. However, if u are here to just take in the atmosphere and enjoy the view of the sealine and cliff, then it is a nice walk up and down.There is no bus to here, u need to hire a taxi or come with your tour group.
Breathtaking
Breathtaking view of the coast and lighthouse, but not easily accessible via public transport. The park is like 1km away from the bus stop (Sinyang-ri Entrance) passing through a small village and another 1km walk along the coast. It is a pleasant walk on a sunny day, but definitely a no-no on a gloomy/rainy day. It is a nightmare walking under the rain + strong wind + chilly weather during winter.
Great view such as in drawing
One of my favourite place in Jeju. The air breeze is very refreshing! We went there in the morning and the pictures taken along the way are very wonderful. We also enjoyed grilled octopus whereby there's some ahjumma sell it at the car park area. The car park fee is just KRW 500.
Great place to see the natural beauty of Jeju
The trail through Seopjikoji all the way up to the lighthouse and the glass house by Tadao Ando was a really great way to see the beauty of Jeju. The views were absolutely breathtaking! We entered through Pheonix Island and spent the better part of half a day going around the resort grounds and up and down the cliff path. Beautiful area.
Very wide place
At first we doesn't know what is the purpose to visit this place. As i saw there is nothing special. Just keep walking n explore the place. Went to the light house and Zippo Museum. We got only 1 hour to spend there. But i think it is not enough! Also didnt go to the end part. The drama shooting place. Regret !!
Nice place for sunset
A nice place to stroll leisurely. Takes an hour to cover the shore, the look out, the lighthouse and the All-in House (a filming place in a Korean program, but now closed down)
Colourful vibes for couples
Located just the opposite coast of sunrise peak, it features the most beautiful landscape in Jeju. It is the best place for a short stroll and by bicycles. Taking a cabby in this part of the island is an experience for me and my friends. Totally worth it when you try the local orange juice available in the stores nearby. Woule definitely recommend it to my friends who are going to Korea.
Lovely place..great for couples
Great place for photos and for couples to stroll and enjoy the breath-taking views of the greens, the sea and also the lighthouse.
Fantastic
The scenery is beautiful! The blue sea like mediterrenean sea with the whilte lighthouse makes it perfect. I visited there in the afternoon, so it's a bit too hot. I'd recommend to come in early morning or evening, that will be more beautiful and calming atmosphere.
beautiful of Seongsan
When you going to Jeju, I recommend to visit this place. They are hotels, park, beach, lighthouse, aquarium, restaurant. And, enjoy couple day at Seongsan. I don't know but for me this place was very GREAT, and really want to come back again.
Eastern Shore of Jeju-do Island
Seopjikoji in spring, especially April, is the perfect spring getaway to enjoy the spreading rape flowers with breathtaking coastal rock shapes.
View and rocks
Great view along the coast line. Many pebbles, which people like to pile in equilibrium! enjoy the walk
Seogwipo 5Day Market Must Visit in Jeju
I was travelling with my family (4 adults in total) on a rented salon car around Jeju for 3days. The Seogwipo 5Day market is valid only on weekdays. The market is selling Fishes, Vegetables, fruits and handicrafts. The locals visit it and we bought some Jeju Oranges (Hallabong) and Strawberries which are very Sweet! It is a must try things. We had breakfast, Blood Intestines Noodle (Sundae noodle) inside the market. But please note that the vendor does not speak English. They have Blood Intestines or Pork Stew also. Each cost 5000 won.The attractions like the waterfalls are nearby the area. See my other post which will be coming up.. Jeongbang falls, Oedolgae rock, Cheonjeyeon falls, Jusangjeollidae cliffs, Jungmun beachCheonjiyeon falls
Nice coastal view
Beautiful coast line, and nice walking path to the lighthouse. Great place to take pictures. However, too many tourists spoils the serenity of this place. There's even a small horse riding area where kids are queuing up, but the Candy House next to this horse riding place is a rip-off. It tried to look like a Hansel & Gretel house, but there's absolutely nothing inside there worth the money and your 15-mins to visit.
One of the prettiest place in Jeju
located near to Seongsan Ilchubong, at the eastern part of Jeju. It's a nice place to take pictures because the colours come out so vivid!
Nice area to get the fresh air
Beautiful area to get fresh air from the ocean. Anyway, it's good for tourists who love nature else this would be dry.
Beautiful scenery
It was cold and windy but worth the visit. Not to be missed. We went by hired taxi. The slopes can be quite steep when walking up. We spent an hour there. Not enough if you want to explore and take pics.
Tourist trap!
Complete tourist trap. There's nothing much along here, and there are better views to be had elsewhere. Avoid avoid avoid!
For K Drama fans
Like reviewer below, mainly for K drama fans only. There are plenty of other Jeju places that offer a better view and a higher view. The church that was in the drama All-in when we went had been 'decorated' with Christmas ornaments etc making it look like a big gingerbread house. Not cool at all.
Just Like In K-Drama!
The full bloom of Silver Grass Flowers with wind blowing along the trail are simply beautiful. Walk towards the end after the Lighthouse, you can catch Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak.Bring a jacket it tends to be windy and cold during sunset.
For Korean Drama Fans only
If you are not a korean drama fan, just visit Yongduam Rock and give this place a miss unless you really have time to spare. Nothing fantastic compared to Yongduam Rock, both places can be accessed free of charge.   But if you are a korean drama fan, this is a must-see attraction and this is the location of the famous house in the drama and striking the exact pose as your favorite star here will be memorable.
Good view
I enjoyed the walk and the view, but there are places on Jeju island that offer a more spectacular view. Maybe because I went there on a cloudy afternoon. Do go if you have time and enjoy walking.
Beautiful Costal views!!
My family was lucky to visited Seopjikoji in a perfect sunny day and saw plenty of tourist buses when we arrived but luckily crowds was preparing to leave. The walk up is more steep compared to Sangumburi Crater and my parent decided to skip it. Fortunately, rest of my family members could still explore this beautiful coastal when our taxi driver/guide Mr Lee Hong Min volunteer to look after my parent where there are some bench to sit. The costal views are magnificent once you reach the top and looking into the blue vast sea with formation rocks!! The walk wasn't too bad, just take your time enjoying the cooling breeze and get mesmerize by the surrounding natures!!
It will be nicer on a good day
It was raining when I visited Seopjikoji, so the walk didn't last until the lighthouse. The church (film site for the drama "All In") is no longer there anymore because it was destroyed by a typhoon last year. So, a newly constructed and colourful gingerbread house is erected on the site to replace the church. Though the weather is bad, yet there are still many visitors. The view will be better on a good and sunny day.
Nice place but don't go if it's rain
I went there when it's rain..even it's just a little rain but you'll soak by the rain..the wind is strong..and because it's autumn i think it's not as beautiful as in spring..
A 'must go' attraction
Beautiful coastal views, excellent! I would however, recommend peeps to go perhaps earlier in the morning to avoid the large and never-ending tour groups - the loud noises, or perhaps noise pollution I should say, will disrupt the original peaceful seopjikoji. Whatever is it, this place is definitely worth a visit!
Excellent coastal view
This place is definitely worth a visit, and it's just a short ride from Seongsan Ilchulbong. Great view of the coast line... and plenty of opportunities to take great photos.
Good views
We visited this place after Seongsan Ilchulbong. From Seongsan Ilchulbong, we took a taxi. The meter started at 2800 won. The short 10 mins or so ride costs us 5800 won. There's no entrance fees. We enjoyed the walk leading to the lighthouse and also surrounding areas. Excellent views all around. Worth the visit. The main problem is the  transport out to the nearest bus stop. Taxis can be hard to come by. Most taxis in the parking lot are booked for the day. One taxi driver offered to call his friend to bring us back to Seogwipo at 50,000 won. We thought it's too much. So we walked a good half hour or so to the 1132 highway where we caught the 780 bus to Seogwipo bus terminal.  Travellers be warned, if you are using public buses, be prepared to walk if you cannot find a taxi to bring you to the nearest bus stop.
Great views
This site offered beautiful views if the coast and if you walk further up to the designer looking house, there's a viewing spot that overlooks some meadows. You can see horses grazing. Good place to go but again it does get crowded.
Absolutely breathtaking
This is one of my favorite places in Jeju. It has the view of the Sunrise Peak, a dramatic coast line with black rocks, and a romantic walking trail. If you are into photography, this is a must see attraction. When we were there on a Monday afternoon, the crowd was not around and we were able to take in the beautiful surrounding without the hustle and bustle. I think this is one of the most romantic places in Jeju.
Nice Walk
Beautiful and amazing walk to the lighthouse. It's quite lengthy so take your time and absorb the lovely surrounding. To get to the lighthouse, you will pass a church (which was a filming site for a Korean drama called All In), a smoke mound and an amazing field of rapeseed flowers (canola). We were there in early April. View from the lighthouse is very nice too.We tried grilled cuttlefish and omegi tteok (a local Jeju dessert) bought at the shops in front of parking lot. Yum!No entrance fee for Seopjikoji but car parking is 1,000 won.
Beatiful scenery
This is also another must visit in Jeju island beside Seongsan Ilchulbong. The sea scenery is very good to take a photograph. You can also visit a church and lighthouse here. There are also some souvenir shops and food stalls here.
Very beautiful location
The day we were here was rainy and very windy but even then it was very beautiful. It is a very harsh, jagged coastline with lots of ocean spray. There is a lighthouse you can walk up to and some buildings associated with a Korean TV show "All In". The main attraction is the walk along the water on the trail. There are two ways to approach this site, at one end are stalls with women selling cuttlefish  and souvenirs. At the other end is a large building (I'm not sure what it is).
Nice short visit
Beautiful stunning views from all sides!! climb was easy so worth the climb to enjoy the sights around
Breath taking
It was quite cold that day, but it was breath taking.Is quite a long walk to the light house, but is all worth it.
A Must Visit in Jeju
We came here after visiting Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak, about 10 mins' drive. It was a scenic, easy walk in and you'll see the filming site for All-In. The church looked quite run-down but the surrounding was beautiful. The sea, the cliff and light-house. My son got a ride on the horse and that makes his day.
Photo taking attraction
Apparently this place is a famous filming location for a number of korean dramas and movies. I didn't watch the shows but the popularity can be gauged based on the number of tour buses and private transports there. I would said this is a great place for photos with the romantic church, blue sea and cliff as backdrops.
Romantic place, but mad wind everywhere!
This is a good place for photo taking, romantic place good for honeymooners. Very windy though, we visited during winter but great sceneries.
A must go when in JEJU
This place is a must go when in Jeju. Very nice stroll and best of all no admission fee. The place was such a real beauty as you stroll along. Best for taking photo.  The best of all, after a walk can just sit at the grass field relax and enjoy the wind and scenery. When I went there, was so crowed with people and tourist. All i can say is the place is very popular be it local or tourist. A must visit.
Super Windy. Famous for the All In House
No admission Fee. Went via a taxi.Hordes and hordes of tourist coach buses. Super crowded. You can walk all the way up to the All In House. Went during winter in Feb 14. Rmb to wear more clothes and coat. Super cold and windy.It is quite pretty too even if it is winter. If there are flowers along all the grass patches, it will be so pretty!Slight slopes and kinda an easy walk...we spent maybe about 1hour there.Loads of dried squid for your purchase too! But as it was too long a queue, we did not buy any. But it smells super yummy!!
A beautiful place that relax your mind
I have seen beautiful picture of this place but I couldn't believe the real beauty until I step my own foot here. Although one need to walk a bit to reach the get to the light house (which I did not make it there), the slow walk along the path offers a great view of the open grass, beautiful cliff with colourful flowers as well as clear blue sky.  It was just breath taking. There is a church building which is being turned into a museum but with a fee to enter and I did not go in as well.
Nice Place For Photo
Seopjikoji is a nice place for photo taking. The sky, grass field, coastline and the white building become your canvas to create great photos with you in them. The problem is that all the tour groups are coming here, and it gets really crowded.
Worth a visit!
It was an easy, enjoyable walk from the parking area all the way to the lighthouse.On the way, you will see kids (and adults) on very slow horseback rides and the house where they filmed the Korean drama, All In. Even before reaching the lighthouse, you already get very good views of the coast and surrounding area.You are allowed to go inside the "All In" house for a fee, but when we were there, we did not see anyone going in/coming out.
Nice view
we went in Sept therefore the weather is very cooling and the scenery at Seopjikoji was very memorable. Climb up to the lighthouse where you have an excellent view of the whole area. though you need to climb quite a bit but it is definately worthy to get spectacular view of the place.
breathtaking and relaxing
nice place just to chill and enjoy scenic views. cold weather and nice place to snap pictures. nothing much you can do here.
Beautiful
Yes, it's just beautiful! Unique sea shore, nice walk way, and it's really a great place for photo shooting. The landscape is unique too, feels like you are in the drama :) souvenir shops are relatively costly here so make your choice.We didnt go in the church tho. This is another scenic place that worth the visit in Jeju :)
Beautifull landscape... A must for photographer
This beach and cliff scenery is very beautifull if you have friendly clear weather mainly on spring. Need to walk and do little climb footstep to view the best spot at the church-alike building and  lighthouse, but worth to do. The view not only beautifull but also romantic.. Very good for pre-wed or sun-rise photo-shot. Very windy and sometimes little mist create a difference nuances to the place.
Wish the sun was up rather than rain.  But can be magnificent!
We came here as one of our stops for a one-day taxi tour.This is a scenic area (mountainside) beside a beautiful beach.  There’s a lighthouse and a house which I think a popular tv show is filmed.  It’s a scenic sight. I think it  would have been magnificent if the weather was cooperating with us.  But it was drizzling and very overcast.  Still a nice “nature” tour.  A few shops.
i love this place, must visit in jeju
there is lighthouse, there are yellow rapeseed flowers carpeted the ground, blue sky, clear sea water, nice formation of cliffs. just perfect! the presence of horses and green field make the pictures even more beautiful. no entrance fees to seopjikoji, but if you want to visit all in house, you need to pay some fees.
Nice!
We took a taxi tour around the east coast of Jeju Island, and our driver took us here. Even the drive to Seopjikoji was fantastic -- everything was sun-drenched, natural and beautiful. Fields of flowers, beaches and mountains marked the way to Seopjikoji. Even if I didn't watch the drama All In, I liked it. If someone suggests driving by here when you go on a tour, you should be fine.(Why does it get a 3/5? -- it's beautiful but not really exciting. Just another piece of paradise.)
Breathtaking View! Must visit.
I was here near end of Summer. This place is worth a visit. A must!Looking in the internet i thought that i can get a sneak peak of Sunrise Peak from this place. Unfortunately the view was obstructed by Aqua Center which were build few years before.The scenery was nice & we've bought a wall potrait picture of all of us (it is actually wood potrait). Stroll down the path until walk up the light house. This place is a beautiful place. But since we're here end of winter the place has only plain grass. No flowers but good weather.But we do enjoyed our self here walking & taking our time slowly stroll down the pathway untill the end. I got a few nice pictures of our family here.. Pro's: Nice terrific view.Con's: Stroller cannot be use here.
Beautiful place but no public transport
Seojikoji is definitely a beautiful place, better go early morning or late afternoon as midday can be very hot. There's no shelter anywhere. It is a hilly treeless landscape next to the ocean. The All-in House and the lighthouse as well as the rocky ocean are making a very nice photographs. The only thing that dim my enthusiasm a bit is there seems to be no public transport plying this route, unless you rent a taxi to and fro. My friend and I end up walking all the way to the start of the Seopjikoji route (~1.5km) before we can hail a taxi to go to the next destination. As if to make up for the long walk, view along the route is superb.
Great view!
The scenery will definitely wow you if the weather is clear and sunny. But it is quite difficult to take a picture with tidy hair due to the strong wind since it is located along coastal area. Recommend to tie up hair before going there.
Refreshing ocean stroll
I enjoyed the view of the ocean and the sheer cliff face. The scattered buildings add a quaint character to the scene, comprising an old lighthouse and the Allin house + church movie set. It gets hot though and there's no shade anywhere. Our taxi driver took us to the wrong side of Seopjikoji initially (a hotel/shopping center) so just be careful to make sure you are going to the lighthouse side.
Love the view
Must walk & climb a bit but worthy to get spectacular view of the ocean, rock, church & lighthouse.
Breathtaking
I visited Seopjikoji on a blustery day and it simply added to the allure of the place. There is lots going on here with a chapel which was a filming location for a Korean drama and various food stalls etc. The coastal views from here were really beautiful and in the other direction a long-distance view of Seongsan Sunrise Peak.  Seopjikoji was one of the most memorable places I visited on Jeju, simply because if it's atmosphere with the scent of flowers on the sea breeze and a landscape quite unique to Jeju.
Beautiful whenever you visit
We visited the place during Spring in April 2012. The place is just gorgeous. You need to hike up a bit but the scenery is breathtaking all the way. Definitely worthwhile. The place was used for shooting of "All In" Korean drama and building used for the shooting were still nicely preserved. After the filming area, we continued to hike up to the lighthouse.
Picturesque scenery~
The scenery at Seopjikoji was mesmerising. The blue ocean, black cliffs and green pastures meet together, forming a picturesque backdrop. Take it slow and enjoy the hike up the lighthouse, where you will be greeted with a gorgeous view of the area :)
Like a fantasy
One of the most beautiful landscapes I have ever seenA must visit attraction in JejuTake all your time, walk walk walk, but don’t rush yourself, feel the nature
