Discriminating towards tourists
All the promotions are for Koreans only even though I showed them my membership abroad. Really not enthusiastic to do business with tourists. Why do I have to spend my money here? Let’s be honest I didn’t have to buy this brand compared to all others available. The tea museum next door is also just a one room exhibition and place for shopping.
Boring place and unfriendly staff
If you want to come here to buy Innisfree products, the offering are far lesser than what you can find in Myeongdong. The only attraction here is the soap making experience and a small piece of tea plantation. There are no location-only products sold here. Very limited merchanise on sale. The staffs are unfriendly and always pulling a long face. Not worth visiting.
3 IN 1 Experience
I called it 3 in 1 experience because we get to see tea plantation, showrooms for tea & Innisfree products and cafe at the same vicinity.  It's a place with good product, food & service.  It's a memorable experience for me and I enjoyed it very much!
Relaxing ambience & fun workshop
Love this beautiful and relaxing cafe, nestled next to a tea plantation. Kids enjoyed the DIY soap and bubble bomb making workshop. Just purchase the kit at 15,000 won per set and you can spend the next 30 mins kneading and enjoying the DIY process. A fun activity for the whole family. The cakes and drinks are v nice too! An instagrammable place!
Fun and therapeutic experience
Visited at about 4pm, 2 hours before its closing time, however everything was still available. We tried out the DIY soap making and bath bomb making, which cost 15 000 won each. Do remember to bring along your passport, as you can get a tax refund too. The DIY sessions were very fun, and a great experience for children.The Innisfree House was although small, it is very well-maintained and therapeutic. It sells a range of Innisfree products, mostly for face and skin care. The cafe drinks and desserts were great as well, and definitely worth a shot if you’re there for tea break.
A pleasant visit
Last month we visited Innisfree Jeju House in Seogwipo on our Jeju Eco & History west coast tour with Yeha.It is the flagship store of Innisfree cosmetic and Osulloc Museum & Cafe is just located next door.This is a great place to get all the skin care and beauty products that are made of natural ingredients.  The designs and furnishings of the place are very sweet and  tastefully done with plenty of full length windows that allow sunlight to shine in and brighten up the entire place .  There is a corner where there are papers and stamps for visitors to make free stamping on art papers . The beautiful interior decoration and the greeneries around make it a pleasant place for tourists .
Nice Food and soap kit
Visited on a rainy day to make soap using a DIY soap kit.  can map your own soap bars with different shapes and fragrances. Restaurant is very nice with interesting dishes and drinks.
Closed for Renovations
Visited this place on 4 June but was closed for renovations. Luckily beside it, there is the O’sulloc Tea shop and museum. However this place is over crowded and the washroom is the most smelly I’ve ever been in the whole of Jeju. Skip it and buy yr Innisfree elsewhere in Korea.
Closed for renovations
Visited on 7 June 2019 and found out it was closed for renovations (it was all fenced up...) till September 2019. Thankfully there was Osulloc Tea Museum right beside it so we didnt make awasted trip!
nothing interesting if u don't use their product..
i highly recommend u for visiting this if u r user uf this product, but don't expect the deals will be better than the outlets
There isn't a point to come unless you want to make your own DIY Soap
The products they sell are overpriced compared to the innisfree stores in Busan, Daegu and Seoul so don't bother buying from them. There really isn't much to see apart from the fact that it is rather close to the O’sulloc Tea Museum.TLDR: Not worth your time, Jeju is so beautiful go somewhere else!
Disappointing !!
It was so disappointing after all the 5 star reviews I have seen. I was looking forward to see this place.Basically it’s just an Innisfree store serving overpriced mediocre food and tea.I don’t recommend this place.
Nice and calm
It’s quite a calming place where I got to make diy soap with their kit. Easy to do with English guide from their iPad (Japanese, Chinese included). Had their cherry blossom mint add and a beautifully crafted hallabong dessert. Nice place to visit especially for Innisfree user.
Only if you use their products
For the ladies who are using their products, guess this is a must stop over for them, otherwise I would give this a miss.
Only to pick up Jeju only products
Near the Osulloc Tea Museum, the Innisfree Jeju House has a cafe and a store. The selection isn't great, and they don't  give you free samples, though you could score some Jeju only products. Admittedly, there weren't at lot of these products though. I find going to Myeongdong for your K beauty haul much more satisfying and easier on the wallet. Or if you just wanna stop by for their DIY soap making activity (they also sell the kit at the store, so you can do it on your own), it seems like a peaceful way to escape the hustle and bustle of the city.I like Innisfree products, so I didn't stopping by, but if you're not into that or soap making, you may want to give it a miss.
Don’t waste your time here...
There are many interesting places to visit in jeju. Limited range of products. Disappointing. That is why I am giving it low rating. Soap making? All stations are full.. You don’t see products flying off the shelves. And neither do you see people walking out of store with lots of shopping. Telling signs! Go next door. Osulloc Tea Museum. Eat and spend there...
Organic soap making workshop and green tea snacks
The soap making workshop is fun and interesting for kids and couples.  Innisfree Jeju House is next to the famous O'Sulloc Green tea,  you can spend at least 2 to 3 hours in these two placesfor soap making workshop, tea break and photograhping in the tea plantation.
My fav place!
It took awhile for us to reach this place since we took the bus to reach here. The place is really quiet and calm which we have our lunch there. However, there are some girls so excitedly taking pictures so you can imagine the excitement that they have! LOL!Also, you can buy some Innisfree products which are not available in other outlets like their Hallabong juice. I regretted that I didn't buy more! Next time, I will buy more! =P
Had lunch and made DIY soaps
Menu attached for reference. We ordered the divers set, snow iced tea grapefruit and canola honey latte? Pretty delicious! The soap set costs 15,000won!
Peaceful place for drinks and eats
At the back or Osulloc Tea Museum is Innisfree house. This is a much more peaceful place to have a drink and small eats but unfortunately, we were not aware hence and our drinks at the Osulloc. But we had another drink here just because it was peaceful and we needed the calm. Is cute that we walked the 30 steps from Osulloc to Innisfree we see a sign that there are snakes... we would think with the amount of crowd and noise, the snakes would have been gone. Lol This place is about clean eating and is peaceful. Some light shopping and not crowded at all.
Small place
Pales in comparison to Osulloc Tea Museum but it's worth a look since they are side by side. The products in the gift shop are the widely available Innisfree facial products.
Overcrowded, Underwhelming service/ranges, Overpriced food
This is probably my first 1-star review on TA. Much regretted visit and the only saving grace is that this place is right next to the Osulloc Tea Museum. We were drawn to this place after very good experience at the Innifree Green Cafe at Myongdong and we expected the same (if not better) at this concept store.Product - any Innisfree shops in myeongdong or duty free can offer you a better range at much better price. As Jeju was the last leg of my trip, I was planning to make most of my innisfree purchase in this store but they don’t carry much range here. I don’t remember there was onsite tourist refund as well (like how it is in Myeongdong) - another reason not to plan your shopping here.Food - I ordered a 18000krw main dish (named herdsman?) with some cold sausages, potato mash, rice balls and orange. The presentation was really pretty but it tasted nothing special. If you are looking for good looking food and great taste at the same time, you have better chance at Myongdong innisfree Green cafe. The other two pretty drinks we ordered were not worth a mention as well. Service - We were there at 450pm and all the soap making stations were occupied. We were told by a staff the soap making would only take 15mins and the place would close at 6pm. so we decided to wait at the cafe and return when the crowd lessen. At 525pm, a staff stopped me at the cashier when I tried to purchase the soap making set. She said that they have closed the soap making station at 520pm. And then another staff came by and said the station was closed at 5pm (?!). I am not sure exactly what time the station closed as there was no sign in the store and the staff were telling different things. The store closed at 6pm sharp and the staff can’t wait to have all the guests out by then - this I am sure. This place is a sad contrast to the Osulloc Tea Museum next door.
Reinforcing the brand experience
The concept of the Innisfree Jeju House is nice. Good brand extension. However, don't expect great bargains on cosmetics. As a matter of fact, the range is limited. Best to buy from Seoul or other major cities. The cafe is a nice place to rest with some interesting food choices. However, it's always crowded and thus the ambience is not too conducive for a nice tea session. Overall, it's a nice short introduction to the use of tea in Innisfree product range.
It's pretty nice, if you are into this kind of thing.
This is a shop and cafe on the grounds of the AmorePacific Osulloc tea museum. The shop selection is a bit small. But there is a section of goods that can only be bought at this location. There is a large area where you can make your own soap, and then lay for it. The other half of the building is the cafe, which while not cheap was surprisingly good. The staff was perfectly fine but not amazing either.
Unfriendly waitress at the cafe
Not happy with the service (bad attitude- one of the waitress who took the order for us) Ordered the volcano cake and latte set. She didn’t understand what we wanted to order even though she speak good english, therefore I let know the cake set number on the menu instead of the cake’s name after she said ‘ she doesn’t understand ‘. But she gave us a pissed face cause she had to look the menu( which only took 2 second, with no other customers queuing behind and before us)
No need for a visit
Nothing special here, it's connected to the tea museum. I really expected more! The JEJU Special items weren't that special either. I'm a big Innisfree fan and I left empty-handed. Forget about this place!
Soap Making Session - it’s fun
When i heard that this place offers soap making - I immediately thought that i must come. It was indeed pretty fun, you can buy the material for 15k krw and it has 3 base, so it means you can share with 3 ppl. Instructions on the tablet is easy to follow and you should be done within 15-20mins. There’s a small tea plantation for you to take pictures.
Selfie time!
Selfie lovers would enjoy this place. Observing how Koreans take their wonderful shots and also trying yourself.Other than that, the Innisfree cafe that should be the highlight of this place, can be found in Seoul, MyeongDeong as well (:
Girls and children would love this place
The place is super nice spot to chill with coffee/tea or snack while overlooking fields of green tea. Their food is ok but the presentation is super.  We see many family's and couples came here to take pictures of the great green fields or kids would just run around enjoying themselves.The place is quite open so is not very noisy and everyone do still get some space to just relax.Also, if you look at the chair setting, you can tell that they purposely made it so you can enjoy the view while you are here!!
Place for ootd
It’s a great place to take photo. The location doesn’t appear on the gps so just drive to the green tea plantation and it will be next to it. Please try all the green tea dessert there too.
We loved it all. The food, the tea ades, juices, and cakes. Oh yea, and the views.
We love the story around the Innisfree Jeju House. It's organic and farm to table supply chain and mission is admirable. We had the the diver's special bento and it was delicious. My wife had the blue colored tea ade and I had fresh carrot juice and all of it was great. The have beautiful cakes in the shape of Halla mountain and tiramisu with delicate flower designs. The prices are in the higher end but well worth the refined quality and experience for those who like this sort of thing. My wife loved the purity of the food and calm views of the tea plantation.They also have products for sale as well as a tea extract exhibit. They have fun hands on tea soap making as well you can purchase and do there. Or they have other ones you can purchase and take home to do. Great place to calm down, re-energize, and enjoy.
Organic cafe with a view
Parking is free, next to Osulloc. The ajusshi will be there to direct you in the carpark. Lovely place. I love Innisfree products and im happy to be there. However, there are only skincare products, no makeup items. There is an area for soap-making but we didnt do it. During the time we visited, noone did it too, so i cant comment how interesting it is.There is also an area which you could do ink stamping on paper. If you like ink stamping, do remember to bring some paper along. Its free.The food is organic and took quite some time to prepare. So the best is to find a table first, order your food and then do your retail shopping. We ordered 4 drinks & 2 meals, it took about 20-30 mins to be done. Yes, its that long.There are also desserts and they are made beautifully. How i wish i still have the stomach space for them. I would just come back to have tea and dessert at the place. Dont forget to look at their "Jeju only" products. There is innisfree Hallabong jam and strawberry jam. Yup, jam for bread. So look closely at the retails. The price of the retail items are comparable to those in Seoul, so need not get them unless you desperately need it. Go for their "jeju only" items instead.There is a small tea planatation outside Innisfree, where most is seen taking OOTD. Toilets are behind Innisfree.
Innisfree cafe
Free stamping art in paper , handmade soap you have to pay , No make up for sale here , only mask , perfume , hand creams, skin care . Love the view outside from this cafe .
Beautiful Cafe and retail
The interior was beautiful and the cafe served interesting food and drinks. Had the Tangerine tea which was flavoursome and beautifully set. They even had a Mount Hallasan cake which was made of Green Tea cake with white chocolate frost topping
Fun activity while visiting Jeju
Did a soap-making session and had lunch at the Innisfree Jeju House. Building is well-lit and nice and open inside. Soap-making was a fun activity to do with our group, and I was able to make a custom souvenir to bring home. They had a selection of some products to purchase, but was small when comparing to the size of their stores. The lunch café had many options, and my super food salad was delicious. The café also offered many drinks and impressively decorated desserts. Directly outside are the tea fields that you can walk through and take pictures in.
Good to visit
This is the first spot we visited, we also tried the soap making program which is very interesting. The green tea fields are wonderful as well
Soap making is a fun activity for all ages
For a start, if one is looking to purchase Innisfree products, it would probably be better to get them from their numerous stores on the island. Almost a quarter of the floor space here is set for people to try their hand at making (or shaping) Innisfree natural soap. The product selection is limited and they don't provide any free samples or special offers (like in their purpose built stores or counter in shopping malls). On the plus side, the store offer instant GST deduction for all items purchased here (min 30,000won).There is also a cafe here. But if one is looking for the famous Green Tea Latte or Green Tea ice cream and cake, those are only available from Ossulac Tea Museum Cafe next door.
Scenic, relaxing cafe
We enjoyed our time in Innisfree Jeju House very much and will definitely return if we ever visit Jeju Island again! It links to Osulloc Tea Museum. Just a few steps away and you will arrive at Innisfree Jeju House. The retail area was crowded. While ladies shop for their skincare, we had some really unique desserts, coffee and tea in the cafe. You can also purchase the hand soap making kit and make your own soap there. Not to forget to enjoy the tea field view before you leave the place!
scenic cafe
i won't repeat what others have mentioned.personally i love this place.i went during spring in april 2017,weather was perfect.food was presented beautifully,the latte i had was delicious.the garnishing is really insta-worthy!my friends and i had breakfast at the outdoor area,overlooking the tea plantation.some of the skincare product sold was exclusive to this outlet,glad i bought a few.would surely return if i happen to visit jeju again.
Overrated
Other than the sight of a tea field, the cafe serves food that doesn't taste as good as it looks. Shop there sells a fraction of the items you can get out in Seoul or Myeongdong. There is a soap making workshop though.
Cute branded cafe
Innisfree is a Korean cosmetics brand known for its natural ingredients sourced directly from Jeju in Korea...think of it as a Korean Body Shop. The Innisfree House in Jeju is a combined shop and cafe located inside the Osulloc Green Tea Museum complex. You can buy products and make your own soaps as well as sit and chill with some Korean and Western fusion drinks and cafe style food. Good stop for lunch or afternoon tea and to pick up souvenirs. Recommend spending only 1 hour (combined with the green tea plantation photo op)
Only skincare sold here, no makeup items
We visited this Innisfree flagship store after visiting the tea museum just besides it. This shop had a cafe with very nice looking desserts and staff were friendly and helpful. However, was sorely disappointed that a flagship store only sold skincare items and no makeup items at all :(
Enjoyed the cafe
I love the atmosphere in the cafe as there was not many people when in was there in the morning. Enjoyed view of the field and the food by the fireplace and it was really cosy. The black pork sausage was not bad. If this place had been full of people, then maybe I wouldn't fancy it as much...Heard that there is also the DIY soap making activity but I didn't go for it. As for products, I didn't purchase any as the price is the same as Seoul and there was no deals. So it didn't make sense to carry all the way until my final city.
DIY soap
We went there for the DIY soap workshop. Fun and easy, just follow the steps in the video showed at the computer in front of you.  You can then make a unique soap of your own. There is also a cafe for light lunch. And many Innisfree product to buy ad well !  A nice place to spend an hour or so during the raining day.
Since you are at Osulloc Tea Museum already
The food (for the tummy and the face) is pricey. Overheard one visitor saying she could get the same skincare products cheaper online back in her home country. Pays to know your home price before you buy.
Nothing special
It's a very touristy place. There is nothing special about this place. The product that you purchase here is with tax even though Jeju island is a tax free country. You may do your shopping in the airpot.
Restaurant, Shop and classes
We went there for lunch. It is next to O"Sulloc Tea Museum.  There is a car park next to it, if it's is full, can park opposite next to the tea plantation. They serve Bing su (shaved ice) as well. Tried the tangerine shave ice. Average, don't waste your money.  Menu limited an pricey. Can purchase Innisfree products as well. Price same as Seoul. Nice place to relax. There is soap making class, where by one cAn purchase the ingredients and make a personalize soap.  There is a tea plantation next to it.
Nice Cafe
Located beside O'sulloc tea museum. When I told the taxi driver he seem don't know the place but when I said O'sulloc he just get it. Outside you can see green tea plant. Inside you can buy innisfree products, make your own soap here and in the corner you can design your own postcard for free with the stamp that have been provided. For me it's closed so early on 6 pm and since I been there too late, many menu already sold out and trying the Tangerine Shave Ice which is nothing special but after all it's a nice cafe.
Easy to go destination
Very easy to go from Jeju city.. We took a bus and the time is less than 30mins for sure... Beside osulloc so good to visit both places same time.Did not try the soap making as the place is pretty small and it was pack then.. We ate at the cafe. Pretty layout, the ice is so so.. The food is nice thou.. The food is IG ready anytime, worth to make a trip there..
Soap Making and Nice Cafe
Located just a stone's throw from O'Sulloc Museum, this place is a must-visit! I strongly recommend making your own soap here - it is such a fun and unique experience! Do grab a bite to eat at the cafe as well as the food is not only healthy but delicious!
Healthy meal with relaxing ambience
This place is easily accessible by bus, next to O'Sulloc tea museum. Makes me feel very cosy the moment I stepped in. It's a cafe as well as a place for soap making workshop. It also sells own products (limited).I love the healthy breakfast which is organic and surprisingly very tasty. However, it is on the pricey side.
Soap Making
Innisfree Jeju House is just next to O'Sulloc Tea Museum, so is great to visit both the places. Innisfree is just one floor in a glass house.Besides selling Innisfree products like facial care, there is also many other things to explore.There is a big space for soap making area, visitor can purchase a bag of soap making set at the counter, and do it at the available place. The staff will guide you on the soap making. A self making post card corner for visitor to bring back (free but with limited, per card per person).Nice cozy clean comfortable cafe. Don't forget to try the black pork hot dog. It is so delicious. I bought a soap making set for my son to enjoy the art work, while I enjoy my facial product shopping. My husband and mother where having a good time at the cafe.
your own soap
If you like Innisfree products and want to made your own soap this is a good place for fast visit but I don't think its worth it if its so far from your place
Rejuvenate your skin and eat!
The food at the cafe is DELICIOUS. We ate out of convenience but would make tris a destination meal. Plus, it isn't everyday you can buy quality Korean skin care products. Loved that it connects to O'Sulloc tea farm.
Enjoy and relax
This place is very refreshing and calming. Great place to enjoy afternoon tea. Try their signature orange drinks. Because Jeju is very known for that.
Stopped by for lunch
This was the first place to visit before we headed to other place in Jeju Island.O’Sulloc Tea Museum is also located here and we just stopped by there for lunch and check out the products at Innisfree Jeju House. The lunch was not cheap , it's organic, There were also some visitors who were learning how to make soap, I think we need to pay for that course. I just bought a box of mini masks and move on to other places.Not too bad for a short lunch time and for photos maybe. To go about Jeju Island is best with to rent a car as it's more convenient to go for one places to another unlike in Seoul or Busan where subway are available.
Customize own soap
This place is beautiful and relaxing. It smells great too. I think best thing is to do the soap to bring home as souvenir. Besides that, taking picture with the green tea plant and trying their menu. But I'm not very fond of their drinks.
Variety of skin care products
They are selling variety of products ranging from skin care, hair care, body care and even food and beverage. Their skin care products are popular in Korea and well known. Besides, if you have times try to buy a hand made soap pack and try to make the soap yourself. It might take time around 1 to 2 hours as there are 3 pieces of soap inside the pack. I would strongly recommend you to try this as this is only available in Jeju island not at other's innisfree branch.
Funny and interesting workshop
There is a place for hand-made soap. If you buy a pack of raw material for making soap, you are able to sit down and design your own soap right away. The package is ~15,000 won which includes the material of making 3 pieces of soap and the final product wrapping stuff as well. It is a very good experience for ladies apart from shopping.
Small but with good food and soap crafts
Innisfree is a well-known brand with numerous outlets throughout Korea and Asia. As it originated from Jeju, this is their main outlet in Korea. It was much smaller than expected, with only a single long building housing both the shop and cafe.The shop stocked quiet a good range of their toiletries and cosmetics, with an natural soap-making activity available.  You can purchase a pack from the counter, choose the scent of soap you want, and there are stations with a screen to guide you through the soap-making process step-by-step.  Shop staff are on hand for assistance as well. At the end of it, you can pack the soap into an eco-bag as a gift.The organic green cafe had ample seating and a good range of food, compared to the adjacent O Sulloc tea museum.  Their drinks are served in funky bottles with interesting tastes, and make a pretty picture.If in the area, the soap-making is interesting and wouldn't take too long.
Korean Green Tea Zen
Innisfree Jeju House can be got to by taking a bus to the O'Sulloc tea museum stop. The tea museum is a very short walk away from Innisfree Jeju House.The place is quiet and peaceful, save for the calming music they play and the chatter of tourists and other visitors, but that wasn't too bad when I was there. There's an area devoted to DIY lessons/sessions where one can try making their own soap. There's a few pretty exhibits where one can smell various scents or read a little about the Innisfree brand and its products. There's a store area, with a few products that are exclusive to Innisfree Jeju House. And there's a cafe with various light food, drink and dessert options.Outside, there are tables and benches that overlook a nice view of the tea plantation, which you can go and take pictures in. Rows upon rows of tea leaves and a few windmills. It's all very pretty and is probably the biggest selling point of the whole compound containing both Innisfree Jeju House and the nearby tea museum. It's really very pretty.I enjoyed my time there, but if Innisfree products are not for you, or if you're the thrill-seeking type, perhaps you should skip this place.
For Green Tea lovers
For people who loves green tea, can check out the variety of green tea products they have; it's nice to 'chill-out' at the yard with hot beverage in hand.It will be good for the kids to try out their self made soap and they felt very good with their artwork. However, if you would to make your purchase at Innisfree, please do note that they DO NOT give out any free samples or gifts for your purchases (even thou I've purchased about KRW500,000 worth of products) unlike those in Seoul or Busan, they are very generous with their samples and gifts with purchase.
Nice and cozy
It is located just beside O'Sulloc Tea Museum. To get there, just take bus no.755 from any bus stop bound for Pyonghwa-ro global education and alight at O'Sulloc Tea Museum station.They sell cosmetics, skin care products, stationaries, D.I.Y soap, etc..There are also cafe which sells bingsu, beverages and food. Tried the 초코쿠키쉐이크  (choco cookie shake), it costs 6000 won and tastes good but I think the portion is a little small (for me). Nice to visit if you are visiting O'Sulloc Tea Museum since it is just beside it. There is a big tea farm beside Innisfree Jejuhouse.. you can take some pics there, but it was raining when i visited the place so i didn't manage to take a lot of pictures.
Just a Cafe
Basically there is nothing much at Innisfree Jeju but a cafe and shop. The price at the cafe is quite expensive as well. The items at the shop are not very cheap as well. You may as well get them from Duty Free shop at Jeju Airport except for self made soup and mask which only available there.
