No pretenses here!  I love this place.
IF you are looking for posh surroundings and glamour this is not the place for you.  But friendly staff and a good Korean scrub for 25.000 Kwon is a good deal. This is a typical country single-sex bathhouse.  Be aware that there is nudity but it is a tradition in Korea.
Worthy experience
I never been to such places before so i have no reference to compare it to. I think it was worth the entrance fee, a bit hard to get there with the buses. You pay the fee for inside baths that are separated by male and females, where most of the people are naked. You pick a small locker room for your shoes and with the same key you can open a bigger locker for the fest of your belongings. You should shower before getting in the tubs and must pay to use the outdoor tubs, where both man and women can use(not naked). Try to follow the instructions in english of how to use the baths, for how long and in what order and it will be worth it. They also have massages, sleeping rooms, lounges, vibrating chairs, small restaurant ...
Have to be naked if you want to use the indoor pool
That is the only downside.Prepare coins if you want to use hairdyer, i didnt know how to use it until a lady put a coin into my machine and let me use it. 😂 Outdoor pool is not as warm as indoor pool.
Not an impressive experience
The hot springs have a good reputation and are very popular amongst Koreans. There is a large indoor area, separated of course for male and female, and then an outdoor area with 4 small pools the size of a hot tub and one larger lap pool which has cold spring water. Out of the 4 smaller pools 3 have hot water, 1 has cold water.The overall condition of the outdoor pools is quite shocking actually and I was surprised. In Korea almost everything is well maintained and in good condition, at these hot springs the paint coating came off at the pools, the pool furniture was old and falling apart, just very surprised to see it in this poor condition. It was busy nevertheless. There is a mix of couples and families, kids running around, people talking loudly, so it is not really serene and peaceful as a hot spring should be. The bathing experience was good, very relaxing, no doubt, but the overall experience was mediocre.
