We had the best experience one can bring us to.
It was the best decision to travel around the beautiful island of Jeju with Jeju Taxi Tour Samchoon Kim! He brought us to all the places in our itinerary that we intended to visit and he even checked the weather prior to that so that we would not be caught in the rain. The whole trip was very comfortable and it was not in a rush. We took our time to see and soaked in all the goodness of Jeju! Samchoon Kim is also very kind and polite, I remembered one of the day he stopped by a morning market and ran down coming back with 6 freshly made Bungeo ppang (a Korean dessert) for us. That act really warm our hearts =) Not to forget, he also always offered to snap pictures for us so we do not need a selfie stick! Thank you for being a great tour guide and driver!
Great Traveling Experience in Jeju
Thank you 삼촌 for bringing us such a great traveling experience in Jeju Island! 삼촌 is friendly and considerate and he took good care of our family needs! The places recommended by 삼촌 are amazing and impressive. He also briefed us the background and history of every tourist spots. For sure, I will recommend 삼촌 to my friends who want to travel to Jeju Island ^^ 삼촌 때문에 제주도에서 즐거운 시간을 보냈습니다! 제주도 다시 가면 삼촌 꼭 찾을거에요 ^^ 너무 너무 감사합니다! ^^
Jeju tour with Samchoon
Samchoon as we know fondly, was an excellent driver and guide, photographer. He made our (me and my wife) 3 days to Jeju a breeze and enjoyable one. He is professional, courteous and also very funny and accommodating. If you are looking to get a driver for Jeju, look for Samchoon! No regrets!
Unforgettable Jeju Trip
Travelled with SamChoon for two days in Jeju. He’s super friendly and considerate, warm-hearted as well. SamChoon is a great driver, photographer and tour guide, all-in-one! A great thank you and thumbs  up for SamChoon for taking us around Jeju Island! SamChoon JJANG! 👍🏻😊                                Highly recommended for those who wish to travel Jeju in near future!
A pleasant tour guide that felt more like family!
Samchoon (Mr Kim Si-Nam), was our guide for a 2 day taxi tour in jeju! Samchoon was super friendly, considerate and warm hearted! Samchoon really felt more like family to us!Samchoon texted me 2 days before to confirm the time and location of pickup and asked about my itinerary and gave suggestions on the order of location we should visit first. Samchoon made sure we get the best experience we could have in jeju!Samchoon was very well prepared. In his taxi, he had prepared water, phone cable for charging, wet & dry tissues, umbrellas, raincoats and even torchlights for caves.First thing he told me was that we didn't have to worry about time and that we can take as much time at any location. He wouldn't rush or give us a time limit. So that we could enjoy every place to the fullest. Samchoon even said that he will not charge us extra even if we exceed 8 hours, he said that he would want us to enjoy and not feel rushed. Samchoo said he was a photographer in the past and actively helped to take beautiful pictures throughout the 2 day trip. He knew exactly where the spots to stand so that the pictures came out amazing!Samchoon was very accomdating to our changes in the itinerary he gave suggestions on alternatives. Samchoon knew that we like to take photos to so on the last day he brought us to see the sunset so that we could take nice pictures! True enough the sunset and view was breath taking! Samchoon is really familiar with all the places and routes and the rides between locations was really smooth and comfortable! Samchoon even has a 40 year accident free award!To Samchoon, A very big thank you for making our jeju trip so fun and enjoyable! Thanks for taking such good care of us! We will miss you and the beautiful Jeju island! Will definitely go back to look for him when in jeju!
Most heartwarming and helpful driver in Jeju!
Mr Kim, also affectionately known to us as Samchoon was introduced to us by a friend. Even before we arrived in Jeju, he was so ever helpful whenever I had questions about planning the day. He would offer the best ideas and try to accommodate to your requests as much as possible so that your day would be a breeze and convenient. He didn’t mind that we stayed almost an hour away from Jeju city and arrives early at our hotel to make sure our day starts off well. He actually does research and make calls for you and made sure that attractions and restaurants are open when you get there. He really goes to the extra mile to put a smile on your face! Not to mention showering our family with little treats and souvenirs. He also made sure my mum who wasn’t feeling well is okay and offered to get us some medicine. That really warmed our hearts. He’s very familiar with the places and routes in Jeju and knows the best restaurants for quality and value. He drives safely and makes the ride really comfortable. I have to say, most drivers would just drive and drop you at places but he went with us and explain how do we enjoy the best out of the attraction. As a bonus, he’s always ready to take the best photos for you without you asking! At the end of the trip, Mr Kim really felt like a family friend to us.You won’t regret hiring his taxi tour service when you’re in Jeju :’)
Best driver in Jeju!
We hired Mr Kim Si Nam's service for a day, touring the Eastern route of Jeju island (Woljeongri beach, Seongeup Folk Village, Manjanggul Cave, Seopikoji, Seongsan Ilchulbong and Noksan-ro). Tour was stated to be 8-9 hours but we ran a little overtime and Mr Kim was kind not to charge extra. Throughout the journey from one attraction to another, he explained the history behind them even though his command of English is rather limited and took many gorgeous photos for us. We are indeed thankful to have met him and will definitely hire his services again when we return to Jeju.Mr Kim, thank you for taking such good care of us. We miss the beautiful Jeju island!
