Dinning at Black Pork street
Definitely worth the visit, yes it was a cold January evening but the upside was not so many tourists. Don't take my word for it try it yourself
Have to try!
We looked up what Jeju was known for and black pork was one of the things. The food is so delicious!
Yum!
So like others have said this street basically offers the same thing and it’s just the sides that differ. My husband and I went to 돈향기 and really enjoyed it! I was worried about the language barrier but they had a nice young man in there that spoke great English. He suggested what to try and we really appreciated it! The pork was so juicy and the price came out to 40,000₩. We had the two meats, a mountain of sides, and some cold noodle soup.
Black Pork BBQ
This street is near the night market in Jeju-si. A small street fill with restaurants selling black pork Korean BBQ. A great place for dinner.
Different choices
As the name implies, this is a street of restaurants offering black pork that is cooked in front of you. Basically, same offerings per restaurant with a lot of free side dishes (fish cake is a staple). Pork ranges fro thinly sliced to a little bit thicker. Flavorful, smoky but surprisingly, when you get out of the restaurant, the smell of cooking does not stick with you (unlike our experience back home). Way so much better than what we have in our home country as this is authenticity in the real sense of the word. We only tried 2 restaurants since we were only there for 2 nights, Dombedon and Donhyanggi. Both were ok. But I like Donhyanggi better.
Certainly not the best nor a must-do in Jeju
The grilled pork we had here ranked lowest amongst the 3 grilled pork meals we had in Korea (two others being in Busan and Seoul).  Problem with this place is it’s too touristy, so the atmosphere and the service gets very routine and rush.  The restaurant we tried was Donhyanggi, price is average, food is very average too.
Try once if you never try black pork before
Expensive pork which is only found in jeju?Cant make out the difference between normal pork except for the price.Anyway should try once since is so famous.My family dined at Dombedon during the 1st day, compare to the another black pork restaurant in jeju (Donsadon), all of us voted for donsadon. (better taste)Anyway, the owner of Dombedon is very friendly and serve us well.both the black pork restaurant have chinese speaking staff
Many nice food at this location, but hard to find as google map not work in korea.
Nice place for food, but take time to find the location.Using kakao map couldn't find Black Port street name and google map not work in korea.actual street name for this place is Jungang-ro-3-gil (near Chilseongro)
Didn't live up to the hype
Black Pork Street was recommended to us by our Hotel when I asked about where is the best place to eat the famous Black Pork on the Island. We were quite disappointed as we walked down the street there were hustlers from each of the restaurants approaching you trying to sell you on their restaurant which we found odd. Almost every restaurant required you to buy two orders of Black Pork and my Wife had her heart set on kimchee stew. 3/4 of the way down the street we found a restaurant that didnt require two servings so we ate there. I excitedly took pictures of the pork to find out later that it it wasnt black pork. My advice is find a local and ask where they take their family to have Black Pork and you will truely be able to enjoy their Island delicacy.
Try some.
We wrer stayed call KAL hotel. From here about 25min walk.We went here at lunch time after Tonmunsijan?? Is the food markets.We done this, first we went Tonmunsijan( food markets) eat street foods, look around here then went to Black pork street.In Korea is bit hard,coz no English...But these peoples were very kind,they always to try understand.So YOU!!!  Must go and try some this street's Black pork restaurants!!!You can choose from 5 of them. 1 was no many but others were quite all busy at lunch time.
Good but prepare to be ignored
We read how good the pork belly was and from what we read, recommendations were to go to  Hwaro Hyang instead of Dumbedon. We arrived, dropped our bags, took a taxi to get there to make sure we experience what everyone is raving about. Hwaro Hyang was not too crowded and we easily got a table. The server explained that we should get the set for a couple to be able to taste a good sample of the cuts and some abalone. That we did. We got the platter, he dropped it on the hot plate and that was the last time our server came to our table. We saw how he was going around to all the other tables, turning their food over, cutting it up. Finally, we saw this lady who was serving another table and we flagged her down to see who might help us. She had to yell and call/force a young person to help us. I’ll chalk it to a language barrier issue as they were busily chatting with the rest of the customers. Finally the boy cut up our food, and we had to help ourselves and towards the end, the lady came back to turn off our hot plate. The experience would have been enhanced if we had known how to pair the condiments. We didn’t want to offend anyone so we watched as they showed the other tables how to eat the food and just mimicked them. They even did the lettuce wraps for some tables to show them how the side dishes are rolled. So moral of the story, unless you’re local or can speak with them conversationally, prepare to be ignored and just watching to see how others do it.
Even Good for late night visit
The BBQ pork restaurant open till midnight and our plane landed on 8 pm and after settle in hotel, still have time to enjoy, Nearby there were 24 hours store which can do a bit of late night shopping.
Eating Pork Belly
Have you ever seen a more mouthwatering set of pictures? 🤤 Today we are enjoying a famous traditional dish from Jeju Island, Black pork. 🐖 Thick cuts of juicy pork belly, cooked to a smokey crisp just how I love it. Alone the pork belly is enough to eat by itself and a side of rice. But we're not here to be basic, you either go big or go home, enjoy the side dishes that come with every meal.  For example bean sprouts, ssamjang is known as a Korean bbq dipping sauce. It was mildly spicy and salty flavor with nutty fragrant. And, most importantly it compliments well Korean pork belly bbq. Lastly the infamous cabbage Kimchi, enough of a kick but not too much where you cant taste the perfect blend of food. A perfect combination, Bon-Appetite!
Excellent Black Pork Street Food
We took city tour bus and stopped at this famous black pork street for dinner at the shop with long queue.   Minimum order is KWR 54000 for 600g pork for 2 pax ie roughly 300g per pax.  It seemed so meaty but the helper grilled the pork just nice and we finished all.
The shop at the corner is the best!
There is one shop that is in the corner and it is a MUST to go there. Its the busiest shop and you wont missed it. We tried a few black pork shops and you can tell the difference between good and great.  YUMMM!
Dombedon doesn’t cater for solo diner
Though pork is my least preferred meat option, I decided to try due to its popularity. I first headed to the Dombedon restaurant, but was told the minimum order is for 2 person. Not willing to eat and pay for double portions, I chose the restaurant just across the street.I ordered a set pork belly for 18,000 won. The waiter, a Vietnamese student, spoke great English. He demonstrated to me how to use the leaf to wrap the side dishes together with the pork. My pleasant surprise was the free cold noodles in soup.  Overall, it was a great experience for first time dining. As for the black pork, I felt it was over hyped as it tasted no better than the typical roast pork in Asia. Once is enough for me.
Dombedon dissapointed, Hwaro Hyang did a better job
Was here for dinner across two nights.  Managed to compare Dombedon (without knowing it's Michelin rated) and Hwaro Hyang (on our 1st night). Comparing the two restaurants, I'm wondering what's the big deal about Dombedon. For a start Dombedon seemed to be mass producing with the intent to get us through our meals asap while those at HH treated their meats with respect.  E.g. HH doesn't cook all their meats at one time while Dombedon just dumped all the meats at one time, resulting in charred meat, spoiling the experience.  I am not even sure if I was eating black pork, insignificant as it may be.  At HH, it was odd at first to see abalone being baked along with black pork, but it was a pleasure to see the shellfish curled up as it cooked.  In HH, they bothered to sprinkle salt on their pork to bring out the flavour, but Dombedon disappointedly didn't. Prices are really almost the  same anyway.  My recommendation would have been HH, though we haven't really tried the rest.(The 2nd pic is from HH and the 1st pic is from Dombedon.)
Great Food and undestanding boss
There was 4 of us, my Wife and her classmate....according to menu we had to order a meal for 4 persons, I explain to him that I was afraid that a 4 person meal we will unable to finish the food...without hesitation he just “OK 3 person” and serve us.....the pork smell good over the grill....the whole meal was wonderful
Nice walk
Black Pork Street - Interesting an unique place to visit in the town of Jeju. Nice walk with friends.
Good black pork amount for solo traveler
Visited the restaurant (Top Bupyeong Grilled Pork Bella) across the street from the Dombedon Michelin rated restaurant, since I heard that that place doesn’t serve solo travelers. This place didn’t disappoint. The black pork neck had the least amount of fat which I prefer. Many sides also for piling on as well as soup.
Yum!
So like others have said this street basically offers the same thing and it’s just the sides that differ. My husband and I went to 돈향기 and really enjoyed it! I was worried about the language barrier but they had a nice young man in there that spoke great English. He suggested what to try and we really appreciated it! The pork was so juicy and the price came out to 40,000₩. We had the two meats, a mountain of sides, and some cold noodle soup.
The shop at the corner is the best!
There is one shop that is in the corner and it is a MUST to go there. Its the busiest shop and you wont missed it. We tried a few black pork shops and you can tell the difference between good and great.  YUMMM!
Dombedon dissapointed, Hwaro Hyang did a better job
Was here for dinner across two nights.  Managed to compare Dombedon (without knowing it's Michelin rated) and Hwaro Hyang (on our 1st night). Comparing the two restaurants, I'm wondering what's the big deal about Dombedon. For a start Dombedon seemed to be mass producing with the intent to get us through our meals asap while those at HH treated their meats with respect.  E.g. HH doesn't cook all their meats at one time while Dombedon just dumped all the meats at one time, resulting in charred meat, spoiling the experience.  I am not even sure if I was eating black pork, insignificant as it may be.  At HH, it was odd at first to see abalone being baked along with black pork, but it was a pleasure to see the shellfish curled up as it cooked.  In HH, they bothered to sprinkle salt on their pork to bring out the flavour, but Dombedon disappointedly didn't. Prices are really almost the  same anyway.  My recommendation would have been HH, though we haven't really tried the rest.(The 2nd pic is from HH and the 1st pic is from Dombedon.)
*Don’t* go to Dombedon - Michelin Star Black Pork Restaurant
My family went to Dombedon because it was given a Michelin Star.  We were very, very disappointed with this restaurant. The food was just average, except for the stir fried rice which was spicy and delicious and the service was terrible.  My mother didn’t want the pork, rather just the noodles.  However, the server forced us to purchase the pork for her and added the noodles as a side dish, inflating the cost of our dinner.  When we asked to speak to the owner about this, we found out that she was the owner and basically yelled at us.I think because this restaurant is on the corner of Black Pork Street, they get many tourists and they don’t care about the quality of the food and service knowing tourists aren’t likely to be returning.  Shame on them!!
A place to go if you really need to get your BBQ Black Pork craving fixed
A few restaurants piled along the street selling the famous Jeju black pork bbq. Went there twice with 2 different groups. Tried to 2 eateries, menus are identical and so are their prices. The corner restaurant was a better choice (the one opposite the Michelin guided restaurant) It was more airy and the pork quality was better and tastier.
Black Pork Street in Jeju Island
The famous Black Pork Street in Jeju Island is within walking distance from the Dongmun Market and the street is lined with lots of restaurant serving BBQ black pork. We tried one of the famous restaurant recommended by a Taiwanese blog and found it to be cheap and good. It's the last restaurant along the street if you're walking from Dongmun Market. Well worth a visit.
Good black pork amount for solo traveler
Visited the restaurant (Top Bupyeong Grilled Pork Bella) across the street from the Dombedon Michelin rated restaurant, since I heard that that place doesn’t serve solo travelers. This place didn’t disappoint. The black pork neck had the least amount of fat which I prefer. Many sides also for piling on as well as soup.
Korea heaven
We read some of the other reviews and went to HWARO HYANG: 27, Gwandeok-ro 15-gil, Jeju-si, Jeju-do. We recieved a very warm welcome and great service.  The food was so awesome.  It was fun watching it being cooked in front of us - a Korean thing.  Cool atmosphere. Thank you for a great experience and lovely night out.
Excellent BBQ food with Jeju Black Pork
Stayed at a hotel close to the street, and so I stumbled here after a hike to Mt Hallasan peak. They did not want to serve a single person for the Korean BBQ at the first two restaurants, even though I wanted food for two (hungry after the climb eh). Third place was run by a lovely lady that did not speak a single word of english but served me a true feast for 15 000KRW (14USD-ish).
Must eat there
Went there twiceFirst time we went there was already late, around 10pmOur hotel concierge recommended one particularly bbq restaurantBut, the restaurant that we want to eat was already closedSo we ate restaurant next to itIt was good and cost us around 30.000 won for 2 personThe next day,We ate the restaurant that we wantIt was amazingBetter than beforeI definetely come here again
Black Pork BBQ
This street is near the night market in Jeju-si. A small street fill with restaurants selling black pork Korean BBQ. A great place for dinner.
Your average pork bbq
I'm not impressed with the area. The price is seemingly high for average pork bbq. It's the branding and tourism influences.
must go and visit !!
This is a must in Jeju , I went to HWARO HYANG: 27, Gwandeok-ro 15-gil, Jeju-si, Jeju-do , it is AH MAZING !!!! they have a set or 2 at 50,000 KRW, totally worth it. I will definitely go back !!
DEFINITELY NOT THE PLACE TO HAVE BLACK PORK.
Based on a Malaysian blogger's review, we went over to one of the shops there to savour this renown dish.It was a BAD experience, the black pork sold there tough like wild boar and did not have any distinct tastes.Later on when we met some locals, they advise that locals don't eat there, only tourist who are attracted by the hype of the place.Fortunately, there are many other shops around Jeju City which served better Black Pork., In fact, we had a very good one at Halla Pork Restaurant in nearby Sehwa-ri.
Black Pork Street for yummy Grilled Black Pork Meat
If you are in Jeju-do, Black Pork Street (Heuk Dwaeji) is a must visit place. As the street name given, yup.. Selling point is Black Pork. Go in to one of the many restaurants on street and try the grilled black pork meat, it is the signature dish in Jeju Island. If you try this is Seoul, it will cost you double or maybe triple the bill. Most menu are in Hangul but there will be a simple English too, the best way is to choose the set menu. Price are reasonable if you choose the restaurant that is less fancy and not those tourist welcoming type. We had the best BBQ dinner in Korea.
Nice BBQ Pork
Really nice dinner at decent prices.I can't say which resturant is the best because I didn't try them all, but it's sure a nice area for dinner and BBQ Pork.There are also some 'smaller' restaurants round the cornerk (just 2 mins walk off the main black pork street signage.Was recommended by a local sales girl as we were making a purchase for some beauti products.One of the best dinner we had in Jeju at a decent 25,000Won. Can't be cheaper for what we were served.
BBQ!
A street full of restaurants for BBQ.Be aware that they usually only serve two people and more.I was alone and it was after dome discussion ok to eat alone and pay the half;)
Certainly not the best nor a must-do in Jeju
The grilled pork we had here ranked lowest amongst the 3 grilled pork meals we had in Korea (two others being in Busan and Seoul).  Problem with this place is it’s too touristy, so the atmosphere and the service gets very routine and rush.  The restaurant we tried was Donhyanggi, price is average, food is very average too.
Excellent Black Pork Street Food
We took city tour bus and stopped at this famous black pork street for dinner at the shop with long queue.   Minimum order is KWR 54000 for 600g pork for 2 pax ie roughly 300g per pax.  It seemed so meaty but the helper grilled the pork just nice and we finished all.
A must go!!!
Jeju black pork is a must try. Please go pig out eating all the pork you can. Prices are very reasonable.
A heaven for pork lovers
There is only specialty on this street which is black pork. There are rows of restaurants selling the famous Jeju black pork. It is a 'Must Eat' in Jeju. There are so many restaurants to choose from so, just choose 1 and have a feast. I would say they serve similar items so doesn't matter which to choose. But as a tourist, you may want to do some homework before going down. We were told by locals to feast in Donsadong but it is not on this street. So, if you want to go to Donsadong, just hail a cab and tell the driver and he will bring you to the restaurant.
Fresh meat
There’s a few black pork restaurant in the street. The price for a person is W18000 and the portion is just right.
Street filled with black pork restaurant
Overly-hyped and expensive. Not worth the price to specially make a trip down to eat at one of the restaurant.
Lovely BBQ Pork!
The BBQ pork along this street is lovely! The portions were just nice and the pork was thinly sliced. You have to however, cook it on your own as the waiters would just leave the pork pieces on the stove. So grill it on your own and cut it to pieces afterwards.
Must go!
Cheap and good quality food.The restaurant I went serves seafood soup and marinated raw yummy crab as side dish. Unlimited TOP up. With just 2 serving of pork about 24,000 won
This is not the only place where you can find black pork dishes
From the prices I’ve seen for pork dishes in other parts of Jeju and in the rest of South Korea, I fear that some of the restaurants in this strip are somewhat overpriced (even for black pork). The restaurant we ate at required us also to order two portions of the meat (of the same type). My impression is that this is a bit of a tourist trap. This street is very close to the beachfront promenade in Jejushi and some restaurants seemed to accept guests even after 10 p.m. There is also not a huge number of restaurants lining this street. More often than not, you will have to grill / prepare your own meat over the grill at your table with minimal help from the waiters. So if you do not know how to prepare and eat samgyeopsal, it would be a good idea to read up about it a bit before eating at one of these restaurants (or any samgyeopsal restaurant for that matter).
Pork that is black in colour
Firstly, you can claim yourself lucky. But seeing pork that is black in colour makes you wonder how come it is true. Seeing a white skin pork is so different. Let me tell you a secret and it is up to you to decide. It has a black coating but seeing the inside makes you wonder how can this be true. Should it be all black? Check other guides to see whether it is true.
Try some.
We wrer stayed call KAL hotel. From here about 25min walk.We went here at lunch time after Tonmunsijan?? Is the food markets.We done this, first we went Tonmunsijan( food markets) eat street foods, look around here then went to Black pork street.In Korea is bit hard,coz no English...But these peoples were very kind,they always to try understand.So YOU!!!  Must go and try some this street's Black pork restaurants!!!You can choose from 5 of them. 1 was no many but others were quite all busy at lunch time.
Good but prepare to be ignored
We read how good the pork belly was and from what we read, recommendations were to go to  Hwaro Hyang instead of Dumbedon. We arrived, dropped our bags, took a taxi to get there to make sure we experience what everyone is raving about. Hwaro Hyang was not too crowded and we easily got a table. The server explained that we should get the set for a couple to be able to taste a good sample of the cuts and some abalone. That we did. We got the platter, he dropped it on the hot plate and that was the last time our server came to our table. We saw how he was going around to all the other tables, turning their food over, cutting it up. Finally, we saw this lady who was serving another table and we flagged her down to see who might help us. She had to yell and call/force a young person to help us. I’ll chalk it to a language barrier issue as they were busily chatting with the rest of the customers. Finally the boy cut up our food, and we had to help ourselves and towards the end, the lady came back to turn off our hot plate. The experience would have been enhanced if we had known how to pair the condiments. We didn’t want to offend anyone so we watched as they showed the other tables how to eat the food and just mimicked them. They even did the lettuce wraps for some tables to show them how the side dishes are rolled. So moral of the story, unless you’re local or can speak with them conversationally, prepare to be ignored and just watching to see how others do it.
Even Good for late night visit
The BBQ pork restaurant open till midnight and our plane landed on 8 pm and after settle in hotel, still have time to enjoy, Nearby there were 24 hours store which can do a bit of late night shopping.
Dombedon doesn’t cater for solo diner
Though pork is my least preferred meat option, I decided to try due to its popularity. I first headed to the Dombedon restaurant, but was told the minimum order is for 2 person. Not willing to eat and pay for double portions, I chose the restaurant just across the street.I ordered a set pork belly for 18,000 won. The waiter, a Vietnamese student, spoke great English. He demonstrated to me how to use the leaf to wrap the side dishes together with the pork. My pleasant surprise was the free cold noodles in soup.  Overall, it was a great experience for first time dining. As for the black pork, I felt it was over hyped as it tasted no better than the typical roast pork in Asia. Once is enough for me.
Normal korean bbq
We finally found this street on our second attempt. Google map failed to function well in Korea, don't know why. Maps.me as suggested by other blogger was good for car travellers. It is not stable for pedestrians. Anyway, it's just opposite the jeju dongmun traditional market, cross the main road and the street is at the inner side. You may show the entrance arch to shop keepers nearby, they will indicate the direction. To me, the black pork is not anything spectacular, just common bbq as can be found elsewhere. I am not a food critic, hence I couldn't actually tell the difference. You can try any of the restaurants in this street. I guess they are the same. Enjoy!
Best for barbecue
Plenty of choice here. Jeju restaurants seems to like bunching cuisines together and this will meet all your black pork needs (it is delicious!)
Nice BBQ pork area
Most of the restaurants sell the same kind of food which is BBQ pork. The restaurant owners will stand outside and try to entice customers. The waiters came to help us cook the pork and even though no English was spoken they were helpful.
Excellent Food
We were looking for Dombaedon Restaurant in the black pork street.  We couldn't find it.  We went into a nearby shop to ask for info and were told that the restaurant at the corner - Dombedon Restaurant was good.The Dombedon Restaurant is a michelin starred restaurant.  It was quite crowded, we waited 30 minutes for our table.There were four of us, thought of ordering 3 portions to share (do not want to waste food).  We were told to order at least 4 portions.  So instead of ordering 4 portions of the black pork meat set, we ordered 2 portions of black pork set and 2 black pork bulgogi instead.The black pork bbq set came with steamed egg custard and kimchi stew.  The black pork was tender but a little fat though.  The meat was tasty and good to wrap and eat with perilla leaf.The black pork bulgogi was well marinated and juicy.  The black pork set 450g was KRW43,000 for two persons.  The bulgogi 180g was KRW18,000 for one person.  Though the price of this restaurant is higher compared to the other nearby restaurants, it's worth every cent of it.
Food is pricey
I have checked the menu through the street. It's too commercial and pricey. I would recommend to dine in Jeju town for black pork instead which recommended by the locals. #NeulbomHeukdwaeji#늘봄흑돼지
Disappointing and pricey.
Many of my friends recommended us to try Jeju black pork. However, it was definitely not a thing for me. Firstly, pricey. Secondly, nothing so special about. You can simply try any grill meat in Seoul and it tastes the same. Would recommend you to try something else in Jeju.
Really yummy taste, one of must try in Jeju
We had dinner at a resto in Blackpork street in Jejusi which locates opposite Dongmun market. The price was 14.000w/200gr (normal pork) and 18.000w/200gr (black pork). Our meal was so delicious, it costed nearly 40.000w for two of us. You are highly recommended to have a try with this once you visit Jeju, as black pork bbq is one of the island’s specialties. Near the Blackpork street is the shopping street and underground shopping area where you could have a walk after a heavy meal.
Yummylicious!
Read online reviews is a must to come here. We went to the first shop 豚 for our dinner. We will be back again!
Just a street with Black Pork BBQ Restaurants
not so many restaurants, they are similar to each other (prices too). Prices are expensive, more than in Seoul
Street with Korean BBQ places
Nothing extraordinary - just a street with a variety of maybe 20 or 30 different restaurants serving the same food for similar prices with same quality.
Delicious but most of the restaurant are the similar
There are only a few restaurant on the street, most of them are similar, just pick one that is clean to eat. The one we visited is on the left side of the entrance.  The waitress is nice and help us to do the BBQ. But I think most of other restaurant there are the same.
Yums!
A short street lined with black pork bbq restaurants. We settled on Hwaro Hyang. Not cheap but for the quality of the food it was worth it.  We have problems locating this place as there is no signage and the locals that we encountered couldn't speak english.
BEST DINNER EVER
Was recommended to find dinner on this street so we decided to check it out but ended up having the best dinner in jeju. Was gonna go into a famous corner shop but the wait was too long so we went to the one beside it (2nd shop, sorry don't know the name). Ordered a mixed grill so we had black pork and abalone (famous in jeju too) with the other dishes too. Great selection of side dishes as well. But it was really expensive, maybe around 70AU$ but felt that it was worth it.
Delicious
I came here after a hike up Hallasan and boy the hassle of trying to find it was so worth it. The pork bbq we had (don't know the name of the restaurant) was amazing, anyone who has had Korean bbq before knows how good it is, don't miss this place.
Dombedon - Michelin starred black pork pig restaurant in Jeju
We had lunch at this restaurant as it came highly recommended and we had heard that it was on the Michelin list of restaurants of 2011. We got there just as it opened which was a good thing as it filled out quite quickly. We later found out that reservations are highly recommended if you plan to go there for dinner. We got the mixed set for 2 and it was a lot of food for the price. The pork was very good, obviously very fresh. The side dishes were also top-notch. Service was quick and efficient and very friendly. It was a little hard to find as a number of streets around the area were being repaired when we were there but it was totally worth it.
Tastes like pork, skip and save your money
I tried 3 different dishes of black jeju pork and could not tell any difference at all between this and any pig raised healthy. If you go to any small farmer to raises pigs the pork will taste better than ones you buy raised in factories, but this tastes no better than that. At double the price of normal pork bbq, you can skip this.
Interesting meal in Jeju
We had dinner there the first night.  I had bulgogi before, but never presented that way.  They didn't put any plate in frot of us.  We had to ask people next to us how to cook it and to eat it.We had the ime of our life there.  Unfortunately, I don't remember the name and cannot give a specific review for that restaurant.
Lots of food!
Various of restaurantes, and the owners of the pork restaurants on this street guarantee that they sell only Jeju’s black pig meat.
Dinning at Black Pork street
Definitely worth the visit, yes it was a cold January evening but the upside was not so many tourists. Don't take my word for it try it yourself
Have to try!
We looked up what Jeju was known for and black pork was one of the things. The food is so delicious!
Different choices
As the name implies, this is a street of restaurants offering black pork that is cooked in front of you. Basically, same offerings per restaurant with a lot of free side dishes (fish cake is a staple). Pork ranges fro thinly sliced to a little bit thicker. Flavorful, smoky but surprisingly, when you get out of the restaurant, the smell of cooking does not stick with you (unlike our experience back home). Way so much better than what we have in our home country as this is authenticity in the real sense of the word. We only tried 2 restaurants since we were only there for 2 nights, Dombedon and Donhyanggi. Both were ok. But I like Donhyanggi better.
Try once if you never try black pork before
Expensive pork which is only found in jeju?Cant make out the difference between normal pork except for the price.Anyway should try once since is so famous.My family dined at Dombedon during the 1st day, compare to the another black pork restaurant in jeju (Donsadon), all of us voted for donsadon. (better taste)Anyway, the owner of Dombedon is very friendly and serve us well.both the black pork restaurant have chinese speaking staff
Many nice food at this location, but hard to find as google map not work in korea.
Nice place for food, but take time to find the location.Using kakao map couldn't find Black Port street name and google map not work in korea.actual street name for this place is Jungang-ro-3-gil (near Chilseongro)
Didn't live up to the hype
Black Pork Street was recommended to us by our Hotel when I asked about where is the best place to eat the famous Black Pork on the Island. We were quite disappointed as we walked down the street there were hustlers from each of the restaurants approaching you trying to sell you on their restaurant which we found odd. Almost every restaurant required you to buy two orders of Black Pork and my Wife had her heart set on kimchee stew. 3/4 of the way down the street we found a restaurant that didnt require two servings so we ate there. I excitedly took pictures of the pork to find out later that it it wasnt black pork. My advice is find a local and ask where they take their family to have Black Pork and you will truely be able to enjoy their Island delicacy.
Eating Pork Belly
Have you ever seen a more mouthwatering set of pictures? 🤤 Today we are enjoying a famous traditional dish from Jeju Island, Black pork. 🐖 Thick cuts of juicy pork belly, cooked to a smokey crisp just how I love it. Alone the pork belly is enough to eat by itself and a side of rice. But we're not here to be basic, you either go big or go home, enjoy the side dishes that come with every meal.  For example bean sprouts, ssamjang is known as a Korean bbq dipping sauce. It was mildly spicy and salty flavor with nutty fragrant. And, most importantly it compliments well Korean pork belly bbq. Lastly the infamous cabbage Kimchi, enough of a kick but not too much where you cant taste the perfect blend of food. A perfect combination, Bon-Appetite!
Great Food and undestanding boss
There was 4 of us, my Wife and her classmate....according to menu we had to order a meal for 4 persons, I explain to him that I was afraid that a 4 person meal we will unable to finish the food...without hesitation he just “OK 3 person” and serve us.....the pork smell good over the grill....the whole meal was wonderful
Nice walk
Black Pork Street - Interesting an unique place to visit in the town of Jeju. Nice walk with friends.
Good but quite pricey
Close to dongmun market - could ask for direction from nearby local shops. I took a look at menu of two restaurants and they are quite the same regarding price and menu options (set price for 2 is around 50k won). i must admit that although taste of black pork is more delicious, it is not exceptional if considering the price nearly double normal porks
Nice dining place
They have many restaurant for you to choose to dine in. Really great food especially the black pork, very delicious.
Must come
Very delicious. Love everything about the cool but short street. Love it. Near the center, close to city hall and dongmun market.
Hearty meal of black pork
Didn't know which restaurant to choose so just picked one which looked busy. We ordered a meal with 2 cuts of meat, "abalone", stew, egg, and a selection of side dishes, plus a beer and makgeolli for about 60000 won which was reasonable. Staff cooked the meat for us which was helpful. A hearty and delicious meal! Must try when in Jeju!
Truly a MUST visit place
We heard from travelers and locals that this street are famous because of their native black pork.in our 3 days stay in jeju, we have tried 3 black pork restaurants in this street. The people working in the restaurant are very accomodating, service are great! Specially the black pork itself. I must say im addicted toIt. I keep coming back when i have a chance. And the next to the street are shopping stores where you can find a lot of choices
Generally good
We went to the one opposite the Michelin restaurant (refer to photo) and paid 70k won for two pax. This set is meant for 3pax though. Comes with 3 abalones. We wiped out the food as it was so good. They grilled the meat for us. Price is nett. Black pork is generally more expensive. we paid 60k won for 2 pax without abalones at a place near our hotel, so this price and quality exceeded our expectations.
Black Pork destination
If you love black pork Korean BBQ, this is the place to be. The little street in about 50 metres long is full of black pork bbq restaurants. You cannot go wrong with any of them
Go here if you would like to try some Black Pork
Its a really short strip of street where most BBQ restaurant are located. Most of them serve black pork . As mentioned in most reviews , the price is on the steeper side. If you like some BBQ black pork then this is the place to go. Its a tourist friendly place after all.
quite near with my hotel
quite near with my hotel but seem that was commercial food street with not so many food shop. we walk around 2-3times & try to select reasonable & maybe good service also tasty one. finally, we selected one of only Korean & English spoken restaurant. lucky that was ok.
Good to eat
Taste like normal pork. Not much diff in terms of taste and expensive meals. One try is good enough.
Depends on your preference
Wasn't aware that some of the restaurants don't serve individual. Wanted to try Dombedon as it was highly recommended by friends and online raves, but was turned away in the face as they not only refuse to serve one-person (what if I can eat 2 pax portion?), they did not bother to offer other food options at all.Disappointed yet no choice, so I tried my luck at other restaurants - the one beside it was alright to serve even for one pax. Order their grilled black pork belly and it was tasteful. The side dishes were plentiful! However it was not especially fantastic with wow factor (considering it is the famous Black Pork Street area). So I guess it really depends on individual visitors. Do visit later in the day, as not all restaurants are open early.
Great Pork in Jeju
Not too hype it too much, but the pork platter is pretty good here.  The restaurants all serve different cuts of pork on your table, however they serve other Korean dishes as well.
The great taste from Jeju
If you visiting to Jeju island, it is mandatory to visit this place and enjoy the special recipes of porks from Jeju. It is so yummy and tasteful. However, it is not recommended for you that in diet program, otherwise your plan will destroyed.
Hard to match the hype
Had tried Jeju pork bbq in Seoul and Gyeongju and loved it. Can't say I recall if it was black pork or not. The trip to Black Pork Street was like heading to Mecca. Went to a restaurant for lunch. I can't say it tasted any better than what I had had on the mainland. It certainly was about 50% more expensive.
Enough Pork Already
We went to the one at T 724-0228, mainly after the ferry landed and we were hungry, 'tween lunch and dinner parking wS available out front.  Staff were a little underworked so we go the full service treatment, good thing not tips expected (?);  we had the less fatty pork neck.  Served with a nice crab soup and nangymun noodles as a dessert.  Can't seem to get away from grilled fatty pork in Korea, have they heard of lean tenderloin here? Marinated  Pork skin was also served,
Nice food
Yes , it's slightly expensive. Not meant for daily meal, but it's not killer expensive. The first shop in the left is awesome👍. Seems like they got Michelin award or something. 48,000 krw for a delicious mealworms 2  is okay. Something about the meal. Beautiful.
superb pork........
is a must visit and must eat at Jeju. really yummy...I can't resist to order more dishes.any of the restaurant in this street is good.
Food over hyped
We came down here because like anyone and everyone who visits Jeju, they're told to go try black pork at one of the restaurants at Black Pork street in Jeju City. So we were in town (stayed in Seogwipo) and decided to go.However me and my partner both thought that the food is over hyped and isn't as great as it's made out to be. I even go on to think that majority of the pork they serve is from regular pork... for anyone that thinks they'll be able to tell the difference is lying. Much prefer traditional Korean BBQ with beef cuts as I much prefer beef as the pork is quite fatty.Still visit for the experience but wouldn't go again if I was to go back to Jeju.
Awesome Black Pork
Had awesome black pork here recommended by our taxi driver. Black pork is the most famous dish in Korea it is a must try when you are in Jeju.
Nice dinner in 豚 restaurant
The restaurant on this streets provides the famous 豚肉 for customers to enjoy the delicious and juicy taste of grilled meat. The food was good but sometimes it was overcooked which made it decrease the quality. The service was on average only, although the dishes did arrive swift and fast. The ambience was also on average only, there was lots of people dining for dinner and the space was cramped and very crowded. The value was good and quite reasonable.
For Meat Lovers
Straight from the hotel looking something to eat and just found out that our hotel is quite near to Black Pork Street just 15 minutes walking distance. Randomly choose one restaurant to have late lunch. Since the special here is black pork so I order 2 portion. The black pork was really good! It was more tender than the usual pork, the price also okay.
Street of restaurant
It's one street away from the seafood street and walking distance to the shopping street too. Quite a number of korean bbq & restaurant. We went in to one that's filled with locals and it turned out to be a wise choice.
Amazing food, decent service
The black pork was really good. I love BBQ pork belly, but the black pork was a tad different -in a good way. It had more flavor and was more tender. I would go here again to eat!
Black pork bbq
When I hear bbq I think of Kansas City and Texas sauces.  No such thing in the East.  Bbq means grilling.  But this was delicious with some chili powderesque dipping spice.  They also offered a liquid dipping sauce which I did not care for as it tasted very fishy.  Each bite of the pork cost about $1.50.  Do it is very expensive.  But worth it for the experience if not for the delicious tastes.
Worth a visit
We have tried black pork in Seogwipo but intended to go to Black Pork Street for the Michelin starred restaurant Dombedon. However by the time we arrived they were already closing (it was close to 11PM at that time) so we went to the restaurant next door called Hwaro Hyang.We ordered 2 portions of black pork ala carte for the both of us although they have a set menu for black pork + abalone. It was not as good as the one we had in Seogwipo but still worth a visit.Will be back for Dombedon next time!
Must go
We went to the 1st shop at black pork street. Expensive black pork but it is worth the price. Even my kids love it. We end up ordering 1 more set although expensive
Delicious Grilled Pork
Restaurants in this street charged more or less the same for a pork dinner set. We just picked a restaurant with fully occupied tables and wait for 10 to 15 minutes. Our table was in a futon room together with some local people.  Dinner set for two people included soup, kimchi, fresh vegetables, rice, barbecued pork and three pieces of abalone.  The waiter put the food on the grill stove and offered some help while we were doing the cooking ourselves.   We ordered some beer that was perfect for having grilled pork and we enjoyed the dinner very much.
Try thier bbq black pork
One of the most famous black pork bbq shop in this street. However, this street is kinda hidden somehow near to the dongmun public market, you might need to ask around or take taxi to reach this street.
Paying for the decoration
I found pretty disappointing this 1 block Street where several pork cuisine restaurants are located, mostly for tourists, thats why the prices raises up from others in the city. Only if you go to shop nearby and want to taste Jeju pork in well decorated restaurants
Nice dinner with Jeju Black pork meat
The street is contain about less then 10 blackpork barbecue restaurant. We try one restaurant which is looks crowded and found that the food serve is tasty. You can choose the package contain meat, vegetables, kimchi, soup, egg soup. Price for complete set is KRW 43.000
Great meals for dinner
The famous black pork meat in Jeju island, great meals for the dinner. A lot of black pork restaurant at here.
Nice but Expensive
Personally, I don't think the meal worth its price as you can enjoy similar meal at a cheaper price at any other place in South Korea. They provide multilingual menu but the waiter and waitress can hardly speak other language.
Just as it said - it's all about pork!
You may find a lot of Korean bbq pork restaurants on this street. Some shops open till 2-3pm and some closes early for lunch. They serve almost the same menu in every shop on this street!
Jeju Popular Black Pork BBQ
There are many restaurants along this street which serve Black Pork BBQ. We only eat here once so it is difficult to tell which one is good but all look good.
Value for Money
We had dinner at the Michelin 잠녀 해녀촌 . Only various BBQ pork combos and rice / noodles are available. We spent 59000 for the most expensive combo, a bowl of soup and a bowl of noodles and two coke
Pay a visit if you like bbq pork.
English menus available. We chose a set for 2, for W50000 which comes with a bit of everything. Finds the pork a bit too fatty. Should have choosen the leaner cuts.
Said to serve the real black pork in Jeju!
It is a street with a few restaurant throughout the road. It's been said that the pork is not waxed off completely for the skin in order to preserve the black colour fur to prove the genuinely of the black pork. Although it taste not much difference with the ordinary pork. But it's a good place to visit at Jeju.
Must Eat!
Black Pork Street! Every shop sells black port, one person MUST get one portion. It's nice and smooth. Do not mixed the black pork with any other stuff else the taste is damaged.
