Highly recommended
Planned a last minute trip to Jeju. Mr Kim was recommended. Had a wonderful 3 days with Mr Kim. He was patient, accommodating, provided recommendations on food and changes to itinerary.
Very enjoyable tour with Mr. Kim Jinu
Thanks Mr Kim Jinu for showing us around Jeju Island. He is a good driver and speak fluent English. In addition to our itinenary, he also made a few stops at nearby places for us.Knowledgable about the culture and history of the island, explained to us in detail about the attractions we were visiting to make the best of our time.Would highly recommend Mr. Kim Jinu [ +82 10-4742-4817 (Whatsapp)] to anyone that needs a taxi/tour guide in Jeju.
AWESOME TRIP TO JEJU
I recently traveled to Jeju with my usual travel group and hired Mr. Kim Jin-woo's van service through a friend's recommendation.  Mr. Kim Jin-woo is a very patient, friendly and helpful person.  And he can speak English which make our communication easier.  And he gave clear explanation/introduction of all the places we visited.Before the trip, Mr.Kim Jin-woo already given us a list of places of attraction for us to plan our itinerary. And when there, he also helped us to re-plan the route to suit the day/weather. He also made good recommendations for local restaurants with reasonable pricing. We enjoyed all the food he recommended.One of the places we visited was the Jeju 5 Days Market which opens from Monday to Friday only.  As the local sellers there mainly are elderly people and can't speak English, Mr. Kim moved around the whole market with us to help us communicate with them to buy the local produces such anchovies, white baits, ginseng roots etc.  We all had a good shopping time there.One of the places he recommended was to go to the Silver Grass trail at Sangumburi Crater.  However, we were delayed at other places and by till we were on the way there, it started to rain.  But he still insisted to drive us there which is quite a long way out, to see the place and snap some pictures.Through his recommendations, we visited places that should be visited for travelers and had good memories of Jeju.  We completely enjoyed our trip to Jeju and am sure to visit again soon.I highly recommend Kim's taxi/van service if you are visiting JejuDate of experience: 23-27 September 2019
Great trip with Mr Kim Jinu
Travelled with my family to Jeju recently and hired Mr Kim Jinu's taxi services after reading reviewsMr Kim Jinu is very warm and friendly. He is able to converse in some English and some Mandarin.We had a list of places we wanted to visit around Jeju, and Mr Kim Jinu helped plan our route for us. He suggested to take us via a very scenic ocean view route on one day, and on the next day took us to the places we wanted to visit via the mountain route. Each route offered a very beautiful sight seeing experience whilst travelling in the taxi from one location to another. So we thoroughly enjoyed the journey around Jeju (not just the attractions)One of the places we wanted to visit was Jeju's 5 day market. Whilst at the market, Mr Kim Jinu also very kindly helped us converse with the local sellers/stall-holders.He also had a few good recommendations for local eateries that weren't overly populated by tourists (which I enjoyed tremendously)Overall, a fantastic trip with Mr Kim Jinu. It felt warm and it felt as if I had visited my relative/uncle who lived in Jeju and was taking me sight seeing. I highly recommend Mr Kim Jinu's taxi services if you're visiting Jeju
Excellent Trip With Jinu Kim Ahjussi in Jeju Island.
Hello everyone,Me, my friend & family had just ended our 4 days trip in Jeju Island with Jinu Kim Ahjussi who is a very good tour guide.He drove us to all places that we wanted to go and made the best arrangement for us.We went to Udo Island, Canola field, Mt. Hallasan, Saebyeol Oreum, O'sulloc Museum, Innesfree Cafe, plucking tangerine, Manjanggul Lava Tube, Seongsan Ilchulbong + Haenyeo show, Folk Village, Chocolate Factory, Cheonjeyeon Fall + Seonimgyo Bridge, Yeongmori Coast, Yongduam Rock, Dongmun Market and lastly underground shopping centre. About the food, since we are all muslims, he brought us to the seafood restaurant only. He understand very well that we can't have meat here in Jeju. You have nothing to worry about if you go with Jinu Kim Ahjussi.To Jinu Ahjussi, we really want to thank you for your hard work in dealing with us during the trip.Thank you very much..^^
Very friendly and helpful
We took this taxi on our last tour day in Jeju. The taxi driver 아저씨 was very kind and helpful and he speaks English pretty good which was really helpful as we don’t understand korean.. He was very friendly unlike other taxi drivers we met in other days. Kim Jinu 아저씨 is indeed the best taxi driver in Jeju..
Going Jeju Korea? Avoid this taxi driver Mr Baek Hongsik!
My family and I (4 of us) engaged Baek Hong Sik for 2 days (Mar 2018) in Jeju and we were utterly disappointed and appalled by his dishonesty.On the 1st day, he brought us to Jeju Rail Bike and told us we will get 2000 won discount if we buy it through him, being enticed by the offer (I mean who wouldn't?), we bought through him and went in happily, no tickets were given to us but we thought it was normal since we bought it through him as he has his "connections". After that, we went to Ilchul Land (Micheon Cave & Folk Village) and again he told us we will enjoy 2000 won discount if he buys the tickets for us, we passed him the money and then shortly after, he brought us to the entrance and entered together, again no tickets were given to us. We also realised there was no one checking at the entrance for both places. We got a little suspicious by now but we decided to give him the benefit of the doubt and engaged him for the 2nd day (retrospectively regretful).On the 2nd day, we went to Spirited Garden and while I was walking to the counter, he shouted at me "Where are you going?". I said I was going to the ticketing counter, he raised his voice and exclaimed "No no no no, you come to me, I give you ticket discount 2000 won!" I went ahead to the counter and he just stood there beside his taxi and refused to come with me. I smelled something fishy and wanted to test him. I then walked away from the ticketing counter and looked away, waiting for him to purchase the tickets. Without any prompt, he went to the counter side door, My Dad glanced discretely and he could see clearly that there was no exchange of money or tickets, he merely pretended to chat with the staff and shortly after, went with us and entered the place, again there was no one checking the tickets and we did not receive any tickets. Here comes the interesting part, we went to Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak after that, and his mannerism was different this time - he gladly brought us to the ticketing counter and asked me to pass him the money in front of the counter staff and we got tickets. There was no mention of discount this time (Coincidence? I don't think so). We walked in (he didn't bring us along to enter) and this time, the staff checked our tickets! I have to emphasised that this is the first time we receive tickets and the first time we have our tickets checked. You see where I'm going with this?After that, we went to Camellia Hill and again he told us we will get 2000 won discount if we buy tickets through him. With the same modus operandi, he went to the counter, spoke to the staff and no tickets were given to us, not even a receipt. He came back to us and brought us in together and yet again, no one checked our tickets.We suspected he did not even purchase the tickets and there was no such thing as a "discount arrangement". If our suspicion is true, he basically cheated the very sightseeing places we went to. He knew which places had no ticket-checking staff and recommended to us, and allegedly exploited this for his own advantage and monetary gains, albeit giving us back 2000 won "discount" per place, perhaps to incentivise us not to question too much?We are more than happy to contribute to the sightseeing places the right way without the discount, than receiving the discount from him when none of the money is going to the sightseeing places for its upkeep.Jeju is a beautiful place but unfortunately, we had a bad experience and hope you won't experience the same. We have emailed his exploitations to Korea Tourism Organization and the sightseeing places, because we sincerely hope to put a stop to his unethical practice.To top it off, he speeds at times, do abrupt lane-changing and horns at other drivers and gestures rudely unnecessarily. He was assertive and manipulative with the places we wanted to visit, often rejecting our itinerary and persuading us to follow his plan instead. We did not say no to his suggestions because it was our first time in Jeju and we felt we could trust him (but boy were we wrong). We did our checks and on hindsight, his recommendations were actually the more expensive places and probably places that has no ticket-checking staff.Pls avoid engaging him.
Spring in jeju
Very friendly and knwoledgable tour guide.  He will recommend nice food to us. He speak fluent Japanese,simple English and little Chinese. Oppa sarangheyo!
Jeju Taxi Driver - Mr. Hong Sik Baek
I'd like to recommend Mr Baek (Hong Sik Baek but we can just call him Baek). Very nice and kind driver and he speaks good english too (of course not fluent but you can easily communicate with him in English). He drives hyudai sedan so it is only for up to 4 adult passengers. The very first moment when I contacted him via email at bhs591022(at)gmail(dot)com, within hours he responded back and immediately gave us a very good rate, which is 130000 Won for 8 hours, with 20000 Won for additional 1 hour.I then shared with him my itinerary and he counter advised us due to our stay in Jeju which is only for 1 day. At the end of the trip, the total hours we spent were more than 8 hours (close to 10 hours due to traffic) but again, he gave us 1 hour discount :)On top of that, he seems to knew some of the people in the attraction places that we went too (for example in Jeju Rail Bike); again we got discount for the entrance fee because of his relationship. Very cheerful and helpful person, I strongly recommend him if you are looking for a taxi driver for your daily tour in Jeju. He responses email in timely manner (within hour, amazing).
