First in Your Bucket List
Amazing performance and one of the world's best shows. Can you imagine four  guys who dance K-pop style and draw like professional artists in various media to produce an awesome work of art? A lot of talent, training and hard work goes into this kind of production. This is one attraction worth going back to in Jeju.
Very entertaining!!!
This show is really amazing! Non-stop  for 2 hours with their very 4 talented painters showcase their painting and drawing skills.  They danced and engaged the audience with their fun and energetic vibes.  Worth a visit!
Funny, Attractive, and Amazing
At first, I doubt that this painters thing can amaze me. But then, the show begin. This four painters create many pictures with fun and hillarious process of making. Would like to see it again if they have a new show. Went there on 25th Dec 2017. Best Christmas performance.
Unforgettable!!!
This is real boom if creativity! And what I love in musical in Korea that you can take a part with actors and play with them in performance!!! That's really live!!!
Painting, Pop & Dance all in one!
Four young entertaining painters give a 2-hour long show of slap-dash painting, sketches, dance and pop to enthrall groups of teenagers and school kids. Audience participation is strongly encouraged!!
Blue Man Group Meets Crazy Korean Painters
An interesting melding of pop dance and painting with 4 eccentric young painters creating unique pieces. that is when they are not vamping, dancing or goofing their way on the stage. I think a worthwhile show for kids to give them some appreciation for painting and for adults who have just had a sochu laden dinner.It's entertaining enough, but seriously, a bit weird.
Good but not as good as Nanta
I've been to Jeju twice. The first time I saw the Nanta show the second time I saw this one. And it's a good show. It's held in the local university which is conveniently close to the downtown of the northern part of the island. The show is creative and entertaining. It's just not quite as good as Nanta (although I believe it is cheaper?)
Drawing, Dancing & Comedy...A Delightful Show
To be honest, I wasn't quite sure what to expect before I saw this show.  I knew generally it was about performers who drew and entertained the audience somehow on stage.  BUT IT WAS AMAZING!  We saw "Team Chaplin," four "hunky" young men, all dressed in decidedly stylish paint-splattered black clothing, complete with Charlie Chaplin bowlers.  It could best be described as a multi-media show in which the performers draw using charcoal, paint, LED touch screens (I think!) and other art mediums and techniques to create a wide variety of images from pop culture and the classics, most of it set to contemporary music.  They dance plus do a little martial arts, mime and comedy, and they use audience participation very effectively.  Among the images are Michael Jackson, the Little Mermaid, Bruce Lee, Beethoven and Jeju's own icon, Dolhareubang, or "Stone Grandfather."  Even after seeing the show, I am not sure how some of the effects were achieved.  I'm not going to do any "spoilers" here of the action, because the element of surprise is important for this show.  But trust me, you WILL be surprised.  It has many entertaining moments.  If you live in Jeju or plan to visit, you should make time for the show, which is performed on the campus of beautiful Cheju Halla College...you'll be treated there to one of the best views of Halla Mountain anywhere on the island...take your camera for that, and for the photo/autograph session at the end of the show.
