Mr Won is a great guide!
Hi all, just wanted to give a review regarding our taxi tour with Mr Won Man Soo in Jeju. Had a great day out with Mr Won, who was our private taxi tour guide and driver for the day. He is extremely approachable and friendly, and can speak decent English and Mandarin as well. He was happy to accommodate the places of interest that we wanted to go, and went out of his way to include his own recommendations as well - breathtaking scenic areas that we would not have gone if not for his recommendation. Throughout the trip he kept us engaged with trivia about Jeju island, and was constantly taking nice photos for us. He even extended our booking out of his own goodwill with no additional cost to drive us to dinner, wait for us and then send us back to our accomodation. Definitely would recommend anyone who visits Jeju island to book his tour!You can contact him at: +82 10-3697-2303
Realiable Recommendation from Mr Won
Read good review of Mr Won Man Soo's service. Contacted him and he recommended a team mate Mr Kang (강게택) as Mr Won was booked on my travel date. Mr Kang is well versed in English, friendly & provided good restaurant recommendations. He made our trip enjoyable with his sunny attitude, being a true host to jeju-do & even accompanied us walk up Seongsan Ilchulbong.
Excellent Guide and Driver
We spent a fantastic day with Mr. Mansoo Won.  He picked us up (group of 8) at the Port Terminal in Jeju.  We spent the day touring Jeju Island (our requested sites) with him.  Not only was he a careful safe taxi driver, but he also joined us at the various sites and explained (in good English) information about all of the sites.  He was very flexible and added a site to our original request when we asked to see the women divers. There were 8 of us in his Kia taxi - a little tight but luckily 2 were children.  His taxi would be more comfortable for 6 adults.   Mr. Won was extremely knowledgeable and spoke excellent English.  We highly recommend Mr. Won as a driver/guide.
Best tour I've ever had in my life
Mr Won's company is amazing. As soon as I needed the service he provided it without reservation and kindly helped us out since we didn't have any idea of how to get around in Jeju. We had Mr. Kim as a guide, he was lovely! The best guide ever! He took care of us, took us to amazing attractions, took care of our money and took us to amazing local restaurants and sometimes he even came with us to the attractions. He always made us laugh and made sure we felt comfortable and happy. we loved him, he was more than a guide, he was our friend and we hope to see him again. We will return to our homes but he will stay in our memories forever. Thank you Mr won! Your guide service is amazing!
Mr. Lee is awesome!!
We booked a private tour with mr Lee and we (my brother & me) had an awesome time for 9 hours, covering most of the southeast side of Jeju. We paid 130.000 won and it was worth every penny. Mr. Lee would come up with really good suggestions, makes super photos and pulled your leg all the time. His English was pretty decent so I would definitely recommend to book a tour with him. The sky is the limit!
