Great tour, highly recommended
We are a family of 5 who visited Jeju in February 2019. Andy's replies were prompt via email before our trip and the tour was reasonably priced. He plans the itinerary based on our preferences with ample time to explore each attraction. Always punctual and patient with our requests. Restaurants and food recommended never disappoint!
Great Jeju Vacation
I just came back from a wonderful Jeju vacation with 10 other girlfriends. We are in our mid 50’s having been all classmates in Med school and belonging to the same sorority. Our Jeju trip was very very memorable. Our guides, Andy and his wife MJ went above and beyond our expectations. They were very professional, accommodating and very pleasant to deal with. Andy is very fluent in English which helped us a lot. His itinerary was very organized. The restaurants he brought us to were all A+++. We got a good sampling of Korean food from breakfast, lunch and dinner. Andy was also very flexible and was able to accommodate our other requests even though they were not part of the original itinerary. MJ also decorated our Airbnb with party balloons and a special birthday cake with candles for one of our friends who celebrated her birthday. We managed to surprise her at the end of the day with the help of MJ. I highly recommend Andy and MJ as tour guides. You will not be disappointed.
Great hospitality
Just returned from a 3 day tour in Jeju with friends guided by Andy.  He and his wife picked us up from the airport and from the start, everything ran smoothly and on schedule. He went out of his way to accommodate our special requests, including recommending restaurants, and arranging a surprise birthday cake for one of the celebrants in our group. In addition, he is bilingual, and so his English is excellent. I highly recommend him!
Andy Tours! The Way to Go in Jeju!!!
Just finished our Jeju adventure with Andy.  We were a group of 11 friends in our 50's and Andy was ever so patient with each one of us.  From the planning of the trip, till the end,  he was very efficient and accommodating.  He replied quickly and  was very courteous.  He did things above and beyond what is expected of him. During the 3 days we were with him, he treated us so well, and tried to give in to all our requests.. imagine 11 of us!  He brought us to the nice sites in Jeju, though the submarine ride was a disappointment (not his fault) and really customized the tour for our group.    Don't hesitate booking him at all!  Thank you Andy!
Excellent!
We’ve travelled with 2 adults, 2 young children 2 elderly with a wheelchair.Andy has customized and plan the itinerary according to our requirements.He has been very patient and proactive to answer our queries and even helped to check with hotel and places of interest on wheelchair accessibility.Andy replied to all our queries promptly and he’s very fluent in English.We have enjoyed ourselves thoroughly during our 4 days 3 nights in JEJU.Strongly recommend Andy Tours.Joyce, Singapore
Efficient, courteous, personalised Jeju tour in English
We travelled as a family of 2 parents + grandma + 2 kids aged 11 and 7 years old. We arranged a personalised trip with Andy Tours (Andy Choi).Andy was very responsive, spoke good English, and personalised a tour based on all the items that I had indicated I was interested in. We did a 2 day 3 night stay in Jeju and Andy ferried us around to all the sights of interest. He planned the itinerary well, so that little time was wasted, and went out of his way to ensure that we were well fed and never kept us waiting. He was very punctual and helpful, and also spoke good English which is uncommon among the locals in Jeju. Meals, accommodation, airport transfers were all arranged by Andy so there was no stress for us. This was what we covered in 2 days: Day 1: Breakfast Horse riding or ATVJeju folk villageLunch - seafood hotpotSeongsan Illchulbong (Sunrise Peak), Women diver show, Manjanggul Lava Tube Cave, Hamdeok beach, Dinner - black pork bbq Day 2: Seokwipo submarineJusaangjolli Cliff Cheonjeyon waterfall Lunch - Jeju standard meal - rice + sidedishes +fried fish+seaweed soup, Mt Halla mysterious road Dragon head rock, Dinner - fresh sashimi + fish soup + rice + many side dishes Looking back I would say that I was rather ambitious and the itinerary above would be better covered over 3 to 4 days, if not rushed for time. We did manage to finish everything though grandma felt quite tired.Overall I would recommend Andy Tours for a convenient, safe, and easy private tour of Jeju.
