Moonlight Walking Tour
We went to the Jungmun Golf Club to have a Moonlight Walking Tour as part of the preparation for the 2020 Jeju Olle Walking Festival. The tour took us only 30 minutes, and later on, we enjoyed performances by local artists under the bright moon. You can witness the mesmerizing scenery of the sunset and the sea from the golf course.
Easy walking course with great ocean view
Moonlight is a great walking activity to do with your friends or family. It's pretty easy and the view is awesome. We walked on a golf felid for about 30min until arriving at a cliff with a great ocean view. Walking barefoot on the grass felt fresh and was pretty fun! After watching the sunset we head to watch a mini-concert just for us! this was the perfect getaway to feel relaxed again!
Jeju Moon Light Walking 2020
The Moon Light Walking Tour at Jungmun Golf Club was pleasant and relaxing. The walking tour started and end at the same golf course with optimum safety rules for ongoing corona-19 spreading. The distance was shorter than expected, about 1.5 km which took only about 30 min. Walking was fun due to the group of new friends. During the walking, the sunset was very beautiful. Also, the scenery of the ocean view seen from the golf course was amazing. After walking for 30 minutes, we enjoyed an evening
Pleasant walk on the sunset
We visited the Jungmun Golf Club for doing the Moon Light Walking Tour. We went there to warm up for the Jeju Olle Walking Festival. The view was awesome and it was a nice experience to walk there during sunset. At the end, they prepare a concert for all the participants there.
Golf club that worth to visit!
We had a tour inside a golf club and since it's a huge land, it actually takes time to go back and forth. So I recommend it for people who enjoy walking especially in such a beautiful place. At the end of the tour, we had a mini-concert organized by them and they were signing us a live song which made me goosebumps because it was like in a movie where you enjoy the ocean view, nature, and good music with the best company.
Nice Moon LIght Walk
We participated in the 2020 Moonlight Walking Tour and it was a really great experience! They prepared a music show and guided us through the whole trail without any issue. The view from the golf course is especially stunning!
