Best travel experience to have in Jeju Island
Very friendly and helpful to all of us, he is also very kind in recommending us the must-go attractions and even getting us discounted entrance fee around Jeju. He even brought us to the delicious restaurants, introduce us to all the different food around Jeju, gifted us some rice cakes. Would gladly recommend to my friends or anyone going to Jeju 👍🏽⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️ ⭐️
Excellent taxi tour with Mr Ko in jeju island
We had a wonderful time with our taxi tour guide, Mr Ko， 高成直. I highly recommend to travel around Jeju island together with Mr Ko. He was very willing to fit in all the attractions that we wanted to go, and gave his recommendations to great locals attractions as well. He was always on time and gave accurate time estimates for traveling distances.Many times he became our photographer and helped to create wonderful memories of our trip. His rates are very affordable and he knows the history of Jeju-do like the palm of his hand.Being able to speak Mandarin fluently, it was definitely a plus point for our family in terms of communication. Also, he drives a jumbo taxi, which allows us to fit our luggage comfortably as a family of four.If you are ever in Jeju island, do ring him up at the following:Phone: +82-10-3698-2854Email: jejeksj@naver.comWechat: jejeksj2854
Enjoyable 4 days with Mr Ko Su Hong
We booked Mr Ko for 4 days.Though we prepared our itinerary but we end up leaving the schedule to him as he will change based on the weather condition.Looking through the photos he took for us, it’s all fun memories! We never had so many group photos taken as if we had a personal photographer with us.He does impromptu stops for us to take sceneries like sunset, cherry blossom view and gave us tips how we can capture those moments.He brought us to local restaurants with good value.He patiently waited for us as we time to enjoy the scenery, ended up he has to take v late lunch....He has made our jeju trip fun and memorable. We recommend his service though he speaks very little English. He provides WiFi in the jumbo taxi so we can do google translate when we had problem communicating.Thanks again Mr Ko!
Mr. Ko TAXI TOUR (BEST DRIVER EVER)
Hi guys, I decided to write a review for our Jeju driver Mr. Ko Suhong, (watsap +821099485005 ) because of his extraordinary service and he was so good toward us during our trip. Trust me, I only recommend something if it is good. This is my honest review n first long review. We visited Jeju for 4 days.Pro:1. You can book him without advanced payment but once u book him, he will be there for you2. He came to fetch us 15 mins earlier than schedule time .3. He bring us to the most beautiful places in Jeju. Of course you still have to do research where you want to go, at least u know about the places. I was doing my research for a month with details date-time, but by telling him those places that i want to go, he arranged the itinerary for me. Our trip went so smooth and Excellent. At the end, we went to the places that we wish to visit and added with many others places that he recommended.4. He did the itinerary for us based on the Jeju weather or clear sky condition. Everything was so great.5. He has photographer skill n super patient guy. This is a very good service of him, especially for those who are instagramer person.haha.. he will help u take alot of nice photos. hahaha... (All photos are taken by him)6. For us, he is not a taxi driver but a great tourguide and a good friend. He will follow us anywhere even climb the mont, walk, etc. Well, we saw alot of taxi driver just drop the passenger and let them walk themself. I like him to tell the story/history or helping me to take photo during the visit.hehee..7. He know that Asian like us do not eat much like they do. Then, he bring us to the restaurant that allowed for sharing food (Korean restaurant won't allow two people share a meal). We requested him to find a delicious and cheap food, he did (easy task for him coz he is local jeju). Thus, we personally feel that Jeju food is delicious than Seoul..haha...8. He will make sure that we ate our dinner before send us back to homestay. And he did not change us for extra hours (by right he has too).9. He bring us to jeju south- jeju east or South west in one day itinerary without any extra charges (others driver will charge you). This is the special services that he gave to us. Therefore, we managed to go many places.10. He treated us good food. Hahaha...11. His taxi price is standard price (I research before).Too many good tgs to tell. Etc..hahahaa..He has serviced many passenger from China,, Malaysia, Singapore and Indonesia as well.Cons:Not much cons. Only He couldn't speak good English, but only a very basic English. He can speak good mandarin. We mix the languages and still can communicate well also, I can still talk very well n much with him.hahah...If you want him to be your driver, you can just watsap him, Mr Ko +821099485005 or you can watsap his friend. Mr. Lee +821093964498, he is a famous English driver in Jeju. Thanks Mr ko for your great service and Mr. Lee for recommend me to Mr. KoNote: We didn't take bus in Jeju because of not convinience. One person travel, you can take tour bus. But 2 person, still worth to take taxi tour.
