Waterfalls meets the Ocean!
These beautiful falls located at Seogwipo are within arm's reach of the beach!  Cool environment, nice photo ops and a chance to breath fresh air straight from the ocean!
Over-rated
We were attracted by the promise from the literature that this was the only waterfall in Asia with 'debouches' into the ocean. Hmmm, you almost get the impression from above that some channel engineering has helped this along. Anyway, Wikipedia tells me that this claim is not quite correct. Anyway, we arrived as then had to purchase entry tickets. The stressed out man next to the ticket gate then seemed to think that we have not purchased the correct amount of tickets. We had. It was all the more puzzling because he was only 2 feet from where we bought the tickets. Maybe he was so bored he was asleep at the wheel. Or maybe it was because we were foreigners. Anyway, once that nonsense was resolved we headed down the steps, only to be stopped half-way down at yer another ticket check! Ridiculous, three check for a 1000-or-so won entry ticket. We thought we must be in for something very special. Alas not. Said waterfall falls a few score metres, generates a modest amount of spray and attracts thousands of people taking selfies of themselves and said insipid attraction. There are some older folk selling ghastly looking octopus slices by the rocks - poor animals (the octopus that is). We were not stopped for more ticket checks on the way out, thankfully. I suggest you just look at the photo on the web and go and do something more interesting instead.
Don't go chasing waterfalls
Pretty good stuff for an accessible waterfall. The surrounds are pleasant, it's cheap to get in, but it's  busy in the summer months.
Waterfall
This is a nice waterfall to see going in to the sea. The walk down is all steps about 130 each way. The rocks at the bottom can be difficult to walk over.
Get close to the waterfall
A stunning waterfall that one can get close to it. Can be crowded especially in the afternoon. A short 5 min walk from the car park. the rocks where people usually gather to take picture of the stunning waterfall can be slippery, not recommended for elderly visitors.
Nice Scenic place for photography
This place is easily accessable and great place to take good photographs.  The sound of the waterfall and the breeze of the wind gives us a calm mind.
Beautiful waterfall that flows out to sea directly!
It was 15-min walking from our hotel, and admission was 2,000won for adults, and 1,000won for teenages (up to age 24). You purchase at ticket box, but don't throw or put tickets away, as they check for them close to the entrance.  It was an easy walk, not too many steps down to the sea level.  Nice waterfall, where you can get close to it should you choose! If low tide, there is a pebble/sand pit area revealed, where you can get to by carefully climbing over some rocks...but could be slippery...so weigh the risk carefully!  However, pictures taken from this angle - with the waterfall as the backdrop - was breathtaking!
Mesmerizing view
Waterfalls are very accessible in Jeju. Jeongbang is the most unique as we seldom see a waterfall that goes straight to the sea. Going by public bus is easy and the path towards the falls are already paved except for the rocky part near the falls itself. I suggest you take your time in sitting on one of the rocks and just enjoy the relaxing view. If you're patient, you can wait for 10-20 mins for tourists to leave and you can have the view all by yourself.  For photography enthusiasts, have a wide angle lens ready =D
Waterfall thats connect the sea
The only special thing about the waterfall is that it connects to the sea. But it worths a visit in Jeju if you have time.
1 of the many waterfalls in Jeju
The only difference with other waterfalls is the water goes directly into the sea. A Hanyeo was selling her fresh catch near the Falls. A bit pricey in my opinion. Having said that it is still a must visit if it is your 1st trip to Jeju.
Amazing waterfall
If you one got time for 1 of the 3 waterfall in Seogwipo, you should choose this waterfall. View is spectacular, need to walk down the stairs to view the waterfall. and some actually walk very close to the waterfall by walk on the big rocks to get some nice photo. Plenty of parking space available, youth below 25 years get some discount for the entrance ticket (do bring along your passport). suggest to spend 1 hour there.
Lovely
It’s a lovely walk down to the waterfall. The ladies were selling some food which we didn’t venture to try but noted some others did.
Good waterfall (September)
Not sure about summertime, but at Autumn that's powerful enough waterfall. Nothing special, but good.A short trail to reach that. 2ooo Korean Wons is cost of entrance. Mandarin sellers are all around :)
Nice waterfall
We find this waterfall more worthwhile visiting than the other 3 waterfalls.  We went very close to the falls to take photos and had a great time.
Water fall with a seaview
The water fall easy to find from central seogwipo very beautiful view from entrance And easy going down to the sea to see the waterfallCan find some lady divers sell fresh seafood
Very excellent
This 's an excellent place which you can go with your family. It has natural beautiful which makes you feel comfortable. You should go to Jeongbang Waterfall from 3PM - 5 PM
My favorite waterfall
Enjoyed extra time here because the rushing water sounds were so relaxing. You can hang out on the rocks quite close to the falls.
amazing
Waterfalls have always been interesting to me and this one certainly was among the top 10 I have visited.
Worth every stair!!!
Beautiful little hike, worth all the stairs (130 stairs). Shady little spots along the path to pause and sit, and there’s different platforms to get different angles of the view as you approach. But it’s worth going down to the bottom. $2 per person to get in. The women at the juice stalls were also super sweet!
Our 1st attraction in Jeju
This is the 1st attraction we visited when we arrived at Jeju. Its near our hotel in Seogwipo.We saw a group of tough ladies, the Haenyeo, scuttling over the rocky beach. They were hunting for seafood hidden between the rocks.The waterfall was nearby, beautiful with strong steady stream of water gushing into the sea as it had been raining a lot recently.A lot of people around the area as it was an easy to reach attraction with a short walk down the stairs...
Nice waterfall with strong wind
The waterfall is not too far from the entrance. Just take a short walk around 5-8 minutes and then you will find the waterfall. For young children, must assist by adults, because on the way to waterfall there are many big rock. The wind is so strong. The waterfall is special because it's located near beach.
Nice Waterfall But Too Crowded
In general, Jeongbang Falls is a nice looking waterfall that plunges into the blue ocean. Entry fee is low too at 2000 krw. However, this place is way, way too crowded with tourists. Chances of you getting 'photo bombed' is 100%, unless you risk your safety by walking over the rocks to the point near the waterfall like most tourists did. Hence, it is not recommended for travellers with walking difficulties.
Falls are worth the stairs
There are literally stairs everywhere in Korea, for everything you want to see.  The stairs down the the falls were well worth the hike down then up...
Not niagara falls
It was worth visiting, nice and not too crowded.If you politely waited you would get a nice photo angle.  The scenes on the way is very pleasant too.
Insta-worthy outdoor visit
The place was hot and mosquito infested honestly due to the Aug weather. However if you have enough repellent with you, this is a good place to walk over, sit on the rocks, chill by the waterfall, feel the cold clear air and pose till you are tired.
Nice Picture Taking
Easy Access from Seofwipo city. You can take nice picture at the background of waterfall. Seo Bok Memorial place is very near. You can visit both place.
Very unique waterfall by the sea
Very unique waterfall by the sea. walk up close and feel the water spray across your face, while the sea waves lap your feet below. great view and refreshing experience.
Slippery, but worth it!
Not many things beat the sound of a waterfall, and this one is no exception. Situated right where the river meets the ocean, it is a beautiful sight to see.There is a parking area right by the entrance to the trail. The entrance fee is ₩2000 per person, and you should be careful when walking along the rocks - they tend to get quite slippery.Note: definitely not wheelchair accessible!
Kids favorite place
Kids love to climb all the stones around and the waterfalll is nice too. There are lady selling fresh seafood which we didnt try. It's nice place to spend 1 hour if you have active kids.
Nice Waterfall, but Crowded
The admission to this waterfall for adults is 2000KW. It was very overcrowded, which caused the time to be rushed. Worth seeing, but come early in the morning to beat the crowds.
60
['https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d1776326-Reviews-Udo-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297892-d1582693-Reviews-Seongsan_Ilchulbong-Seogwipo_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d2204891-Reviews-Spirited_Garden-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g983296-d3231669-Reviews-Jeju_Olle_Trail_Routes-Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d550694-Reviews-Hamdeok_Beach-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d1643536-Reviews-Manjanggul_Cave-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d4504781-Reviews-Hyeopjae_Beach-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297892-d550726-Reviews-Hallasan_National_Park-Seogwipo_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d2238839-Reviews-Dongmun_Market-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d2204895-Reviews-Hallim_Park-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d2202426-Reviews-Bijarim_Forest-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g983296-d15327362-Reviews-Yeongsil_Trail-Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d3808281-Reviews-Hallasan_Seongpanak-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d2204929-Reviews-Jeju_Stone_Park-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d2202431-Reviews-Haenyeo_Museum-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d2337348-Reviews-Eco_Land_Theme_Park-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d1878205-Reviews-Sangumburi_Crater-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g983296-d11777449-Reviews-Andeok_Valley-Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d12213803-Reviews-Suwolbong_Peak-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d2204930-Reviews-Jeju_Kimnyoung_Maze_Park-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d10126654-Reviews-Woljeongri_Beach-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d1747359-Reviews-Mysterious_Road_Dokkaebi_Road-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d2202425-Reviews-Jeolmul_Natural_Forest_Resort-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d550713-Reviews-Yongduam_Rock-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d550707-Reviews-Seongeup_Folk_Village-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d6160806-Reviews-Hello_Kitty_Island-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g983296-d11721781-Reviews-Ssangyong_Cave-Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d8029124-Reviews-Black_Pork_Street-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297885-d8610866-Reviews-Maze_Land-Jeju_Jeju_Island.html', 'https://www.tripadvisor.com/Attraction_Review-g297892-d550716-Reviews-Jeongbang_Waterfall-Seogwipo_Jeju_Island.html']
Beautiful waterfall that flows out to sea directly!
It was 15-min walking from our hotel, and admission was 2,000won for adults, and 1,000won for teenages (up to age 24). You purchase at ticket box, but don't throw or put tickets away, as they check for them close to the entrance.  It was an easy walk, not too many steps down to the sea level.  Nice waterfall, where you can get close to it should you choose! If low tide, there is a pebble/sand pit area revealed, where you can get to by carefully climbing over some rocks...but could be slippery...so weigh the risk carefully!  However, pictures taken from this angle - with the waterfall as the backdrop - was breathtaking!
Mesmerizing view
Waterfalls are very accessible in Jeju. Jeongbang is the most unique as we seldom see a waterfall that goes straight to the sea. Going by public bus is easy and the path towards the falls are already paved except for the rocky part near the falls itself. I suggest you take your time in sitting on one of the rocks and just enjoy the relaxing view. If you're patient, you can wait for 10-20 mins for tourists to leave and you can have the view all by yourself.  For photography enthusiasts, have a wide angle lens ready =D
Get close to the waterfall
A stunning waterfall that one can get close to it. Can be crowded especially in the afternoon. A short 5 min walk from the car park. the rocks where people usually gather to take picture of the stunning waterfall can be slippery, not recommended for elderly visitors.
Simply refreshing and majestic!
My family and I liked this waterfall simply because of the coolness that sweeps away the afternoon heat. We visited this attraction on a Monday late afternoon as part of a Daepo Jusangjeolli – Jeongbang Waterfall – Oedolgae – Cheonjiyeong Waterfall itinerary.Getting there & fees: The GPS coordinate/code for Jeongbang Waterfall is 7331530. It is located on the south central part of Jeju (Seogwipo). We parked our car for free at the car park. Entrance fee to the Waterfall is 1000 won for adults and 500 won for teenagers and children. The Waterfall/Attraction: Because the waterfall is so close to the sea, it gives the impression that the fresh water falls directly into the sea. The water actually falls 23 metres into a plunge-pool in a sheltered cove comprising of mainly black lava rocks and then flows to the sea. After the ticket booth, an approximately 5 minutes’ descent on the sturdy steps of the wooden stairway took us to the bottom but still quite a distance from the waterfall. Even then, we were already “bathed” by the cool water mist from the impact of the waterfall plunging onto the pond. We had to step on the rocks and boulders to get nearer to the base of the waterfall, and this was where we had to be very careful, very slow, very nimble and very sure-footed in negotiating the uneven rocks or boulders of different sizes and shapes as well as the slippery surface of the wet rocks. This is also where you have to wear good walking shoes and I don’t recommend slippers. Nevertheless, as more and more water mist and droplets landed onto our tired bodies as we approached closer and closer to the waterfall, we just felt refreshed and energised!  Because of the persistent mist and fine water droplets, it’s difficult to take selfies and photographs for that “I was here at Jeongbang Waterfall” moment without these landing on your devices’ lens and blurring the image. So you have to wipe off the water and be quick with the photograph taking.We spent about 30 minutes relaxing and soaking the ambience of the waterfall. During this time, we counted no less than 7 waterfall “mini-streams” and only 20 visitors (not crowded). As the first ¼ part of the descent path will not be walked again during the ascent, I would recommend taking photographs and selfies of the panorama during the initial stretch. In fact, the lookout point just after the ticket booth has this “landmark” lone tree that faithfully watches over the waterfall, and you could include it to frame your photograph.If I could come again, I would do so in the cool morning with the sun shining on the waterfall. Anyway, this is one majestic waterfall that you wouldn’t want to miss!
Very excellent
This 's an excellent place which you can go with your family. It has natural beautiful which makes you feel comfortable. You should go to Jeongbang Waterfall from 3PM - 5 PM
Not impressed
Not an impressive waterfall as many have described. If you have never see a waterfall, go for it. Otherwise just skip it.
Inspirational site
Just beautiful and breath taking. The waterfalls give you such peace of mind and clarity. You can feel the beauty all around you. Just enjoy the sites and the sounds.
One of the best waterfalls ever.
I really loved this waterfall. Just the way you can chill on the rocks and look out to the ocean or the waterfall itself. You can also get close to it also which is nice (unlike Cheonjiyeon Waterfall which in my opinion pales in comparison). It costs 2,000 KRW to get in and my advice is set aside a few hours to just chill. It's really wonderful. There is also wifi so you can video call your mates and show them how much their lives suck compared to yours. I got the 781 bus from Jeju bus terminal (3,000 KRW and 50 mins) and got off just as you get into Seogwipo (best use an offline map with gps). I wandered towards it and it's actually not that easy to find. The waterfall is on the west side but you want to get to the east side to view it. If you can't find it, there's a Buddhist arch/gate thing you can see from the main road. This marks the correct path and takes you in front of Seobok temple (Seobok temple should now be on your right and some well kept walled gardens on your left). Keep walking and you'll see the entrance. Note: as you walk on this path you'll be on a bridge at some point. If you carefully tread over the side garden you can look over the wall and see the top of the waterfall, it's not that spectacular but might as well grab a look.
Dramatic!
Located in Seogwipo. What makes this waterfall unique compared to the rest of waterfalls in Asia is – this one falls directly into the ocean. The view is very dramatic and I can guarantee that you will say 'wow' the moment you see it from the distance.This waterfall is 23 meter / 75 feet high. It was written in a legend that a holy dragon lived underneath it. Due to it, it was said that the water can cure disease and bring rain during drought season.It costs KRW 10,000 to enter this area, same price as Cheonjiyeon waterfall entrance fee. The comparison that I can make between these two waterfalls is – Cheonjiyeon has beautiful landscape compared to Jeongbang. But Jeongbang has the dramatic factor compared to relaxing, calming Cheonjiyeon waterfall.You will go through a simple, quaint little path before you reach the waterfall gate entrance. No man made sculptures or attempt to make this road appear to be more touristy. However, the pink wild flowers blooms along this little path captures my heart. If you pay very close attention, you will see spider (s) hanging in the bushes alongside the road too. And if you not scared of it, you can check it out and test your macro skill with your camera. Remember : look but don't touch!Note: There are lots of spiders in Jeju Island. They are every where.I was unable to get too close to the falls because 1) it was cold windy day 2) I easily suffocate with water mist 3) I don't have water protection cover for my camera. So, if you plan to come here, please make sure to bring water proof camera protection if you really care of your expensive camera.Ah, one more thing – shoes. Please wear sensible, flat, good grip kind of shoes / sport shoes.
Best of the 3
Out of the 3, this is the most dangerous but also the most fascinating, mostly due to the old lady divers at the bottom selling freshly caught seafood. So fresh you can taste the salt. Waterfall is beautiful on it's own, the trek down is pretty steep but easy. Only concern is once you're nearby the waterfall you have to hop onto the rocks to get closer, which can be pretty dangerous for the elderly, kids or those who are not sure footed.A must see if you're into waterfalls.
Breath-taking Natural Beauty
It was felt like exercising when walking down to the see the waterfall. But just about ten steps down the stairs, the scene reveal the hidden stunning waterfall. So beautiful.  A dozen shoots were never felt enough to capture its beauty. I would recommend to spend a sufficient time just to enjoy the scenery.Please take be careful when walking in between stones near and around  the waterfalls. They are so slippery, so chose a flat surface stones as you walk… or not at all. A friend had her camera and mobile phone slipped down into water when she struggled to stand still on a stone. I was slightly more fortunate to be able to keep those gadgets of mine dry…. but not my shoes. While the water was refreshing, but I do not think you would like getting your shoes wet, particularly when you have only a pair for the whole Jeju island exploration. A wet trousers could spoil your whole day trip around the island.
Nice view^^
It takes quite awhile trekking down the stairs to catch the view of the waterfall which flows to the ocean. There are some "halmoni" selling fresh raw abalones, sea cucumbers, sea potatoes and blanched octopus at the side of the waterfall. It's a great experience to enjoy the seafood with a bottle of soju while enjoying the view of the waterfall and ocean while feeling the sea breeze dancing around your face^^~
Beautiful falls but very touristy
They are beautiful falls but there are also plenty of others on the island that aren't as touristy as these and have a bit more substance to them (Cheonjeyeon Waterfalls for example is a set of three waterfalls and there is a bit of walking and really interesting scenery between them) Worth seeing if you are in the area tho!n.b. through our hotel we booked a taxi driver for the day for 130'000 (£73 or $112)  - and chose a route round the island that took us to Manjang Cave, Seongsan Ilchulbong Crater , Seongeup Folk Village, Jeongbang Falls and finally Oedolgae Rock. Enrty fees for everything was only about 12'000 (£7 or $10) and the trip was well worth the money.
Lovely
It’s a lovely walk down to the waterfall. The ladies were selling some food which we didn’t venture to try but noted some others did.
Not niagara falls
It was worth visiting, nice and not too crowded.If you politely waited you would get a nice photo angle.  The scenes on the way is very pleasant too.
Insta-worthy outdoor visit
The place was hot and mosquito infested honestly due to the Aug weather. However if you have enough repellent with you, this is a good place to walk over, sit on the rocks, chill by the waterfall, feel the cold clear air and pose till you are tired.
Nice!
If you got 45 mins to spare and like some shade and a beautiful walk then this is for you. Annoying Usd 2 fee but thats life.
Lovely waterfall that goes into the sea!
We walked to this Waterfall from our hotel (Days Hotel Jeju Seogwipo Ocean). Though it was scheduled to open at 9am, it open only at 11am as the rain the day before cause some flooding. Easy access to the Falls but needs to be careful walking on the rocks. I sprained my little toe doing this. View of the cliff and ocean is great!
disappointing
overly touristy entrance, path to waterfall messy. sight nothing special- at least in gloomy weather
Feel the power of waterfall and fab view of sun set
This waterfall is easily accessible in south Jeju Island with spacious parking lot at entrance.  Entrance fee is 2000 won, reasonable and worth a visit.  We arrived around 4:50pm and was just in time to watch the sun set there.  If you want to get closer to the waterfall, be prepared to get a slightly wet but it’s a great experience.
Easy access and great starting point
Easily the most gentle slope you can find and is a great start in Jeju. Easy path with great views. Though touristy but still very manageable. Is 2000won per pax entry and only 1 waterfall to see, you can probably finish this in half hour but we stopped at the ladies selling conch and abalone for breakfast yummy and definitely a must try....still alive when we had it 😂 and is 30000won for the plate.
Amazing
Beautiful waterfall. I went to all 3 waterfalls in Jeju, and this is the most amazing and my favourite. It's also along the Jeju Olle Trail 6. A short walk from the waterfall, there is a mini waterfall called Sojeonbang waterfall, which also falls into the ocean.
Beautiful
This place was amazing. when is summer the colours of the waters makes it picture perfect. Sometime too crowded
Interesting place
Lovely waterfall that fall directly into the sea. Very interesting and fun! Highly recommended. Great to bring children too!
Of all waterfalls, go to this one.
As mentioned in the title, out of the few waterfalls that Jeju have, i think Jeongbang waterfalls is the best one. It’s just a short descent and you can go close to the waterfalls depending how brave you are. You get a good view of the sea as well.
Awesome view with closeups
This is the type of waterfall which discharges directly into the sea so coming here you will get two views - the waterfall and the sea. However the trick is in how near you want to get to it - first you got to navigate the deep steps, then the rocky and slippery ground to get as close to the waterfall as they allow you.  So it is very important to come with proper footwear. Then it’s a matter of how many shots you want to take. There is also a corner where some hawkers are selling fresh seafood. Not sure if it’s sashimi as we aren’t hungry.
Awesome waterfall plus hidden gem
This was a great visit!  There is a hidden gem that people didn't seem to know about or decide to see (I'll mention later in the review).  The entrance fee is nominal and you get to see so much.  Even from the top, you get an awesome view and picture with sort of a bonzai tree at the top of the stairs.  Then walk a little further down and there is an alternate path you can choose to walk on large stones and there's some locals selling fresh seafood.  We didn't partake but a lot of other people were purchasing and eating the fresh seafood.  Then we walked all the way down to the falls using the stone path.  Be very careful if you choose to do this as the stones can be slippery.  Once we got down to the base of the waterfalls, you could feel the mist from the waterfalls and just hang out there to take pictures.  It was pretty cool to know this is one of the few waterfalls in the world that fall straight into the sea/ocean.  We walked back up after relaxing a bit near the waterfalls and we saw a path to the Castle of Shell near the edge of the parking lot.  You should take time to walk through this and visit the Castle of Shell.  It's free and you get a very picturesque view from the 2nd floor inside the castle.  Ok it's not really a castle but a small house but it's still very neat to see and just relax on the 2nd floor with the breeze and the nice views.  Then go around the house and there's a relatively unknown path leading down to smaller waterfalls and another great view of stone beach and cliffs around the corner.  I actually liked these falls the same as the main falls.  Smaller but more greenery and there were small little ponds you could soak your feet into.  We took some wonderful photos there and spent a long time wondering why very few people knew about coming here.  There were a ton of people at the main falls but we were at these smaller falls around the Castle of Shells for a good hour and literally saw just 2 other groups of people at the smaller falls.  Take a look at the pics.  It's worth the extra walk!
Stunning view of the waterfall beside the open sea.
This place is easily accessible. It offers a great view of the waterfall and it seems during the spring or summer season, you can even go into the waters for some refreshing moments.
Nice waterfall!
We visited with our 4 kids and it was a hit with them.  Pretty waterfall and you are able to get pretty close to it with the mist from the waterfall hitting you.  A couple of our kids crossed the river and played on the rocks on the other side.  Was worth the visit.
water wall which falls directly to the sea
i was quite amazed to this natural wonder and i had not seen any falls which ends directly to the sea. its very close the segwipo city. You need to walk down around 100 step to reach the bottom of the falls. Careful near the bottom the stones r slippery and if its raining better be watchful for the waves. Its a delight to watch the gorge. We went to this place when it had rained a bit so the water fall was in full flow. Due to heavy wind and cyclone in china the sea was rough which added to the fun!!! one of the most memorable place i visited in jeju,highly recommend it.
Inconsiderate staff, can't comment on the falls, were prevented from viewing
My husband and I took our elderly parents to Jeju for a holiday and we decided to visit the falls. When we arrived, we realised that there were a lot of steps to be taken to reach to the bottom and there was no pathway at the bottom to walk to the falls. Basically you have to hike through the boulders to get to the falls. Clearly, our parents wouldn't be able to visit the falls.So, we just settled for viewing the falls from the car park level, just past the ticket office. The staff was so angry with us and adamant that we pay the entrance fees although we were just viewing the falls 5 steps past the ticket office. They stood right next to us and kept trying to push us back out even after we explained our situation to them. I found that absolutely ridiculous. They could clearly see for themselves that our parents were elderly and required some assistance just walking on flat road! Walking down those steps and hiking those boulders were completely out of the question.How appalling! No words can describe how utterly disgusted we felt at the attitude of the park staff.
Lovely falls by the sea
There are three main waterfalls in the south of Jeju and this was the first one we saw, it is the only one by the sea and is about 15 minutes walk from downtown Seogwipo. There is a nice little park before the entrance to the waterfall.We went in the afternoon and it was crowded with many people taking pictures. Would suggest going early in the morning (they open at 8am), better for pictures with the sun shining on the waterfall and less people. Bring proper footwear or shoes you don't mind getting wet as it is very rocky and you can get wet from the spray. Entrance fee is 2000 won and it is a short walk down some stairs to the waterfall.
Best waterfall in Jeju
The waterfall faces the ocean so you can imagine the great view there. Among the famous waterfalls in Jeju, go to this one if you only have time to visit 1. Also, wear comfortable footwear as you need to navigate pass some big unstable rocks to reach the bottom of the waterfall.
Love the View!
Really nice view coz the waterfall is right next to the open sea. I could feel the splash on my face when I approached its bottom.Tips: be ready to climb the stairs after viewing the waterfall. It's not too long but you may get tired after a long day of touring in Jeju.Be careful if you want to go near the waterfall coz it's all big rocks at the bottom.
Famous waterfall that falls directly to the ocean
I would say that this waterfall is higher and have better view than cheonjaeyeon waterfall althought cheonjaeyeon waterfall is close by from teddy bear museum, we take taxi in the afternoon from teddy bear museum to jeongbang waterfall and it cost around 25-30 usd, and the street is almost empty. The road down to the waterfall is much nearer and easier than cheonjaeyeon waterfall. When you take pictures, off course you would like to get closer to the waterfall, but be carefull of the rocks, they were quite slippery, we spend an hour to take pictures and sitting in the rock. The admission fee on nov 2014 is still 2,000 won per adult about $2. On winter it opens from 08.00 to 18.00
Interesting & unusual waterfall.
It falls into the sea,  very unusual. Wear walking shoes if you're going there as there are uneven rocks leading to the fall. Saw several kids slipped & fell down. Painful indeed.  After purchasing the entrance ticket,  there's a walkway that leads you to the fall.  But the last 100m or so is uneven rocks surface.  It's nice to walk nearer to the fall so you can feel the mist.  Refreshing.
Upclose and personal
If you're one for waterfalls, this shouldn't be missed as our guide told us that this is the only waterfall that falls directly into the sea. We caught rainbows quite a couple of times which made the scenery that more beautiful. You can also climb up onto the rocks to get nearer to the falls and snap loads of pictures!
quite far from downtown, would better to get a taxi
quite far from what I've imaged. But the scene was worth to see. Except there was no bus stop around and very little sign to follow.
Really pretty :)
Paid a 1000 (or 2000?) won entrance fee and my breath was taken away by the beautiful sight! There was even a rainbow at the end of the waterfall... simply beautiful :)
Nice Scenic place for photography
This place is easily accessable and great place to take good photographs.  The sound of the waterfall and the breeze of the wind gives us a calm mind.
Good waterfall (September)
Not sure about summertime, but at Autumn that's powerful enough waterfall. Nothing special, but good.A short trail to reach that. 2ooo Korean Wons is cost of entrance. Mandarin sellers are all around :)
Nice waterfall
We find this waterfall more worthwhile visiting than the other 3 waterfalls.  We went very close to the falls to take photos and had a great time.
Our 1st attraction in Jeju
This is the 1st attraction we visited when we arrived at Jeju. Its near our hotel in Seogwipo.We saw a group of tough ladies, the Haenyeo, scuttling over the rocky beach. They were hunting for seafood hidden between the rocks.The waterfall was nearby, beautiful with strong steady stream of water gushing into the sea as it had been raining a lot recently.A lot of people around the area as it was an easy to reach attraction with a short walk down the stairs...
Nice Picture Taking
Easy Access from Seofwipo city. You can take nice picture at the background of waterfall. Seo Bok Memorial place is very near. You can visit both place.
Kids favorite place
Kids love to climb all the stones around and the waterfalll is nice too. There are lady selling fresh seafood which we didnt try. It's nice place to spend 1 hour if you have active kids.
Perfect place for Solo Travellers
There are 3 waterfalls near my guesthouse and I chose to visit Jeongbang Waterfall first; no special reason as I have a direct bus to there. Admission fee for adult is 2000 won, and youth will be 1000 won (the ticket ahjumma will ask for your birth year). So you will have to walk down a few stairs and cross over stones to reach the waterfall. It was cooling to just sit down here and enjoy the waterfall. But please remember to wear cover shoes in order to prevent falling. Not only you can take photos with the waterfall, there’s a connecting sea right beside and you can take beautiful picture. Solo travellers please remember to bring a selfie stick :)
An easy access waterfall
I decided to see two waterfalls down south at Seogwipo! Jeongbang fall is one going into the sea.A bit rocky if you would like to have a photo been taken in front of it as close as possible. There are always many people down there, be careful of your steps when taking a nice photo!I like the fall as it’s open to the sea!
Lovely little walk to see a waterfall
I went earlier to see the Cheonjiyeon waterfall and must say this is a better one because you can actually get to dip your toes into the water. I paid 2000 won for an adult. Basically there are steep steps you need to walk down and then in order to get nearer to the waterfall you need to climb over big rocks. If you are with little children or older folk you might have a hard time. With the waterfall, you can wade right up to it if you are brave enough the stand the cold.
Waterfall into the ocean
How many places can you see that?  And be accessible.  It's very pretty I think maybe 20m tall.  There's plenty of stairs and rocks to climb but it's worth the extra effort. Our 10 yr old loved getting sprayed by the mist.  It's near the town and easy to get to worth the$4 admission.
Interesting place
Beautiful place with waterfall and good view.Sometimes many people but anyone find place. I suggest it
Heavenly waterfalls
Jeju is gifted by heaven with 3 famous waterfalls. This is the most awesome one that the mother nature embraces its beauty. From far, you could see rainbows.You probably will end up like me.. leaping and hoping from rocks & stones to get close to the waterfalls. I did fell down when I pursue a step of closeness to this natural beauty. But I could not resist its charm and finally I stood firm with the beauty. Don't envy, go for it!
Nice and spectacular view
To reach the waterfall from the parking area (free parking), you need to go down the stairs (not a lot of steps, but in my opinion, the steps could be quite steep). During my visit, there were a lot of school / college students, so the waterfall area were quite crowded. The view itself is actually quite spectacular, but as there were too many people that time, we decided to stay for around 15 minutes only.
Nice waterfall with oceanview
We chose to visit only one waterfall due to time constraint. It was along the way from the cliff in jungmum. That is west central near seogiwipo.We reached just before it closes at 530pm. So do check opening hours of the tourist sites. You may spend more time at one site and then the next one is closed. There were not many people cos wintertime. We bought the tickets, went down the stairs then overlooking the waterfall, we took some photos. Going down was easy, comjng up omg! We have to walk on the rocks towards the waterfall. We had seen massive waterfall in alaska so this was not that huge.However, just sitting on the rocks looking into the ocean, people watching is great. Mostly local tourists.At the ticket entrance on way back we tried the local skewer food. They dip into broth some beancurd tofu skin. Taste good. I had a breaded hotdog. Its about about $1 to $3 for the different items. Guess you need to try to be like locals to have fun!We spend about an hour here.
Awesome and easily accessible
This is the best waterfalls so far amoung them all, reason is because you can reach the bottom of the falls. There is no barricades or things blocking your way. And it flows directly to the sea
Nice waterfall
It costs 2,000 to get in here and complete the walk to the waterfall. That works out to about £1.50 in U.K. pounds. Worth a visit
Small waterfall, opens to ocean
It was nice to enjoy 15-20 minutes here. Expect to compete for photo taking opportunities. 2000 won/ticket, walk down a few flights of wooden stairs, and climb over some big slippery rocks to get the best vantage point for viewing. Can feel the spray from across the pool. Accessible by bus 281 from Jeju city.
one of the best waterfalls in Jeju
This is one of the best waterfalls in Jeju. Easily accessible from Seaogwipo city by taxi or bus from E Mart. Entrance will charged ₩ 5000 or $5. This is the only waterfall in Asia that falls to the ocean.
A different kind of waterfall in jeju
This waterfall falls into the ocean so it’s higher than the Cheon ji Yeong falls. The steps are steep, easy going down, harder to get up. Not recommended for people with limited mobility. No wheelchair or stroller friendly.
Upclose with a waterfall
If you want to see a waterfall without the hassle of hiking a long way, go for this one. Just a little stairways descend from the entrance and voilà - you'll be greeted by this pretty view of water flowing freely to the sea of Jeju.
Another wonderful waterfall
Jeju has so many waterfalls and each has such different attractions that you have to visit all if possible.Jeongbang was another must visit as we travelled to Jeju with my parents-in-law as part of the celebration of their 50th wedding anniversary. They have pictures from their honeymoon at the waterfall and it was a very great privilege to share with them.
Beautiful :)
It`s worth to see the waterfall going straight to the sea. Have good shoes - you'll need to walk on stones to get close to it.
Nothing other than the waterfall
It's the only waterfall in Asia to fall directly to the ocean. But once you see the falls, that's it. Not much else to see.
Nice waterfall. Very crowded
It's a nice waterfall and it falls right in the sea. There a little walk down the coast to reach the best spotit's super crowed and that makes it a unsustainable to us. There was a tent with some ladies that served you raw fish on the rocks. Nice one
BEAUTIFUL (but almost absurdly crowded)
This is quite possibly the most beautiful spot on the island-- definitely worth the small entrance fee (I think it was about 7000 won for my family of 5). There are some fairly serious steps to get down the cliff, and then to actually get close to the falls, it's necessary to climb across a bunch of small/medium rocks. Most people will have no problems with either, but for someone with knee or foot problems it could be an issue.The only thing I didn't love was that it was SO crowded. It was impossible to get a decent photo without someone walking into the frame, and several times we were actually shoved off of rocks as more and more people tried to crowd in. It would be great if they would limit the amount of people allowed down at one time.Other than that-- a great experience that we definitely won't forget.
Wasn't planning to visit but were in the area
Went past the falls as we were looking for the tourist info office so decided to have a look. As it had been fairly dry the falls were not very spectacular and though it claims to be the only one in Asia that falls directly into the ocean I am pretty sure Duden falls in Turkey are in Asia and fall into the ocean. Some stairs take you down to the falls - they seem less lengthy when you are climbing back up which is a good thing and we rewarded ourselves with some ice cream!!
Jeongbang waterfall, Very unique. Waterfall just near the sea?
I think, this is really good waterfall. To see a water fall just beside of the sea is not usual... yes, very unusual. And it was good to see... A little bit high waterfall. 2,000 won for adult... If you enter it in another path, you don't need to pay. There is ticket checkpoint but the worker there didn't check.
A marvel of jeju
A must see when in jeju. Jeonbang Waterfall is the only waterfall that falls directly into the ocean. It’s a beautiful sight to see. However, if you are handicapped it is not accessible, as there are stairs. Make sure to wear gym/grip shoes as there are lots of rocks/ slopping hazard. There are also (henyo) female scuba divers that harvest abalone and various seafood that are available to eat nearby. Definitely check it out!
not so impressed
I walked 40 minutes from Jungan Rotary to this place. The ticket is 2000 won. When I was there, it was in the afternoon 4-5 PM, there were so many tourists. So it's difficult to get a good shot. I find there's nothing special about these waterfalls, back home I've seen bigger and higher than here. I visited this place because it was close to my guesthouse and I was also curious about it. I don't see people swimming on it. What I like about this is the view of the sea, I was sitting between those big rocks towards the sea and waiting for the sun to set. It was a good experience for enjoying the sunset with having a natural background sound from the waterfalls.
Nice closeup view of waterfall
The waterfalls was nice and a real up close look was possible as the access allowed visitors to go all the way to the base of the waterfall. I like the views just before sunset, as there are haneyeo serving sashimi on the rocks nearby, giving it an additional local touch.In addition, the kids liked the fun and adventure of walking on the rocks up to the waterfall.
Quite a sight!
At this place you need to walk, climb a little. Be very careful when climbing on and over rocks at the bottom of the fall to take pics. Some rocks are very slippery. You can see the water go straight into the ocean which is quite different to the other two waterfalls. It is a lovely sight!
Amazing!
I found this waterfall a better experience than Cheonjiyeon Falls as you can go very close to the waterfall. Be prepared to walk down a lot of stairs and then climb over rocks to get close to the falls, so wear comfortable shoes with good grip. Don't bother paying for the museum close to the gate, it's a waste of time but only 500 Won if you want to.
Beautiful Waterfall by the Sea
This waterfall was my favorite thing I saw on Jeju Island.  It is a beautiful waterfall that empties into a small pool draining directly into the ocean, and it's a lovely spot to just enjoy the sounds of the water and the tide.  Very much worth the visit.
Stunning
We went to see waterfall at 12PM, there were loads of people, nevertheless view was stunning, waterfall is huge. I'd say better go in day time as when sun is starting to set you'd get weird shadows on your pics and it just won't be the same. Bear in mind you'll have to walk on huge rocks so it's not very safe for toddlers and those carrying their babies, not suitable for those with walking difficulties. Better wear sports clothes which would cover legs in case you fall, to prevent scratches or whatever other injuries. It says no swimming but we took off our shoes and walked in shallow water. It was cold but fun. We also sat on rocks in close proximity to waterfall and splashes from it made us quite wet. But it was spectacular. Such a unique place! Tickets are 1,000 for 16-24 year olds, they require ID. For adults it's 2,000.
Overrated and boreing
This would have to be the most overrated tourist attraction Basic waterfall with 2streams of water  onto rocks below. Cost 2000 per adultDon't bother
beautiful waterfall
this is the easiest waterfall among all in jeju in terms of access.we walked for about 15 minutes before reaching the waterfall.however,to reach the waters,u have to go through slippery rocks-definitely not for kids or elderly.wear comfortable walking shoes.however,the view from the upper part of the waterfall(before descending down the many stairs) was already breathtaking.there were also foodstalls selling snacks-we had the ice cream and the grilled squid.super delicious.do try it.oh and don't forget the orange juice (hallabong).the freshest i have ever tasted.good snack,superb juice to wash it down,beautiful scenery-i could not ask for more.do visit if you are in jeju.preferably early morning before the crowd.
Small-ish waterfall close south of Jeju
We visited Jongbang waterfall (정방폭포) during our stay in Seogwipo. It's very conveniently located and easy to find. Entry fee is just 2000원. There's very short hike (~130 steps) to get to the waterfall. It's a small-ish waterfall and don't expect it to be Niagara Falls kind of but the view is nice. Once you get down the stairs there are rocks that you can walk over to get to the bottom of the Falls, take some nice pictures and feel the water droplets. I wouldn't say it's THE things to do in Jeju island but if you happen to be staying in Seogwipo or driving by, it's worth a visit. It takes less than an hour and can be visited with kids...and if you happen to go here try some orange juice or chocolates!!
This place us great
Great place to visit again go before the afternoon and avoid the tour buses and a good price as well
Just a very small waterfall
Though it just rain yesterday, but the waterfall seems to be so small and the water current also very little. Many says that it falls directly to the sea, but it is not true. it falls into a small pond where the water overflow(or may be connected under) into the sea. It is below my expectation.
Breath Taking
Jeju Island have few waterfalls and is a must to visit at least one waterfall. Here we come. Worth for a visit.
Great view and walk
It was an easy walk, lots of street vendors, waterfall was beautiful. Perfect weather in October! We spent 2 days in jeju and just about did it all.
Gorgeous view
2000 won entrance fees for adults, but really gorgeous waterfall, nice views. Worth a visit, much more so than Cheonjiyeon Falls :)
waterfall dry --- empty!
in summertime be careful, there must be enough water.we found no waterfall at all, so maybe next traveler more luck ;-)
Excellent view
There are a few waterfalls in Jeju but Jeongbang waterfall stands out as it is the only waterfall in which the water falls directly into the ocean. The rest of the waterfalls are within ponds. An entrance fee of 2k won is needed. Walk down straight ahead and you can see Ahjumahs selling raw seafood. You can buy and eat it on the spot. The rocks around/near the bottom of the waterfall made it hard to walk. Walk carefully and you are good to go. I nearly fell into the water due to the slippery rocks. Otherwise, its a great experience.
Nice walk
Short walk from the carpark but need to climb down stairs and walk on rocks to go near waterfall. Not suitable for stroller or wheelchair.
Must visit! Nice waterfall!
The only waterfall in Jeju that e water flows into the ocean. U can go very close to it & feel e cool Breeze. Was so amazed to c rainbow too! Worth stopping by.
Great view, some caution for kids
This is a beautiful waterfall that empties directly into the sea. Once at the bottom the mist was very refreshing on a hot day. There are places where kids can wade but I'd recommend water shoes. I saw an adult sandal get swept into the sea. I brought my two kids (age 8 and 4). At the bottom of the stairs there were some very big rocks that were difficult for my 4 year old to navigate, had to carry him part of the way. My 8 year old did just fine. We didn't have water shoes and even though they had fun, they would have been a lot more comfortable with better foot protection. Good site, family friendly with some caution due to big rocks/slippery, not good for toddlers or smaller.
One of 3 Famous Waterfalls in Jeju
Taxi took us here as part of a few hours tour.  It's a pretty waterfall, but I thought Cheonjiyeon Falls was more impressive with 3 layers so if you are nearby, it's worth going, however, if you only have time to go to one, I'd choose the latter :).  Both have small entrance fees per person.
Interesting sight!
This is the best waterfall to visit as it's rare to see a waterfall that goes straight into the sea. After seeing this waterfall, you won't want to look at the other 2.
Incredible waterfall
It is the only freshwater fall that leads directly into the ocean (or something like that).  It is not a difficult hike down to the waterfall and the view is amazing. I was able to carry my two year old on my back and have my 4 year old walk down with us.  Really an amazing looking waterfall!
Tallest waterfall in Jeju
Little walk down pathway along the cliff on the seaside.Something to see while in the area.May be difficult for elderly or those with weak walking abilities as walk to the waterfall from parking lot consist of lots of stairs and wet floors.
Beautiful waterfall that requires no hiking to get to!
After hiking the Sunrise Peak, I was delighted by the fact that Jeongbang Waterfalls requires no rigorous hiking. We drove with our rental call and entered the phone number (7331530) into the GPS to get there. Parking is free. You just walk a short distance down a stairway and navigate through a few rocks to get closer to the waterfall. Overall, it is not difficult at all. The waterfall itself was so beautiful with the water flowing directly out to the ocean. If you've been to Yosemite, it kind of reminds me of the Vernal Falls/Mist trail without the heavy hiking up the steep steps. There were couples, seniors, and children sitting by the rocks enjoying the view. Of the three main waterfalls in the area, I would say Jeongbang is the best one.
Beautiful and fun visit
Fun for children to climb over the big stones. Our child (3) was a bit small but enjoy it nevertheless. Beautiful scenery over the cost. Entrance only W2000, nearby the small city centre. Nice visit and takes just an hour to do this. We rapidly visited before checking in to our hotel.
Stunning
Worthwhile to take 30 min in touring round and taking photos. Need to walk down a steep flight of around 50 stairs.
My favorite waterfall.
Out of the big three waterfalls this was my favorite. The stairs are bit tough but totally worth it. Where a rain jacket as you will get damp. There is ajummas selling some kind of fresh seafood when you get close to the bottom.
Rocky beach and steep cliff
Admission is 2000 won. Need to walk down a flight of stairs to reach the beach area. The beach is full of pebbles and rocks and you need to careful to balance your body as you walk or hop from one rock to another. It may be slippery at certain spots and do exercise some precaution when taking photographs. The cliff looks steep and this is the only unique waterfall in Asia where the water falls directly into the sea. While the waterfall was not as awesome as what I earlier saw in books, the sensation was relaxing and cooling with the thundery roar of the waterfall at the backdrop while you sat at the beach rocks gazing at the azure sea. It was an unique pristine natural scenery to appreciate and absorb. At Cheonjeyeon Falls, the attraction is secluded and one could not see the vast horizon of the ocean whereas here at Jeongbang Waterfall, the waterfall and the beach integrated into the ocean giving a wholesome broad vision effect. At Jusangjeolli Cliffs, one could only enjoy the serene sight of the torrential waves crashing against the blackish rock pillars from the elevated observation point and access to the beach area is prohibited. Jeongbang Waterfall gives us the convenient access to the beach area and so near to a gorgeous waterfall and a looming cliff. Like Yongduam Rock which is backed up by a dragon head legend, Jeongbang Waterfall also has a story of Seobul, a servant of the Chinese Emperor Jin  who was ordered by the Emperor to search for an elixir and he happened to by-pass this area during his search. An inscription written `Seobulgwacha' on the wall of the water fall was derived from this legend but I did not walk too near to the waterfall to see clearly that inscription. Jeju has quite a number of world class natural wonders and each wonder gives me a different perspective in appreciating nature.
Picturesque view for such small waterfall
I first saw this falls on the local map I received. I investigated and stopped there using the airport limousine bus route no 600. It is a short walk from the main road and when you get closer, the sound of the water guides to its location. The water falls over a short (50-100 m) cliff, but it is beautiful and ideal to take some nature pictures. It runs into the sea immediately and provides a picturesque scene.Be careful when you visit, since the railing on the sea side was broken and seems quite a safety hazard for me.This spot does provide you with the opportunity to take some awesome pictures.
Fantastic
Possibly the asia only waterfall which falls directly into the sea.. sad part is you cannot swim here.. pretty scenic
wish they dont take entry fee
i like this waterfall that connect to the beach but i dont understand why they have to take entry fee for that because its really close to car park.other than that, all good. beautiful and huge waterfall cool you down.
Beautiful waterfall that falls right into the ocean
It’s a beautiful waterfall, and rare since it seems to be the only one in Asia that falls directly into the ocean. It has easy access if you’re coming from Jeju-si. Just take the 780 bus to Dongman Rotary station, and you’ll see a brown sign pointing you in the right direction.  The bus was pretty fast as it only took about 75 minutes to get there.
A lot of people!
It's a nice looking waterfall that falls directly into the ocean which is great but there are literally hundreds of people here at a time. The rocks are not particularly dangerous by themselves but add a huge crowd of tourists and school kids to the mix and it's a little risky. I think the fact that it was the scene of a Korean drama tv show may be part of the reason for it's popularity. The ladies selling seafood on the rocks so affectionately mentioned by others are not genuine haenyon, they just sell seafood at exorbitant prices. Buy your lunch elsewhere.
Beautiful; worth the visit
Check the closing time. There is a gate and you can't get in after that! However, you can sneak a peak from the gap in the hedge--- tho' a rather sad, distant view!  We were able to revisit the next morning. And it was worth the visit. Beautiful!
The only waterfall of Asia falling directly into the ocean
The waterfall is rather small, but it is almost in the middle of a city. When you arrive you will be on top of the cliff in which Jeongbang flows off of. Located near Seogwipo city, Jeongbang Waterfall is 23 meters high and is very close to the sea. This is why people tell that the water falls directly into the ocean. A legend says that servant of Emperor Jin of China, called as Seo Bul, sent to the area in order to search the magical herb of eternal youth in Mount Halla. People interested in seafood can taste fresh abalone sashimi with garlic slices & hot pepper paste as dipping. It is offered by ajummas, who collect them directly at this spot. Don´t forget to wear good shoes to avoid becoming a casualty.
A unique waterfall
For the last day of our Jejueco tour, the first attraction we visited in the morning was Jeongbang waterfall. Situated on a high cliff by the sea, Jeongbang waterfall is the only waterfall in Asia to fall into the sea. Admission fee is 2,000 won for individuals and 1,600 won per person if you are in a group of 10 or more.When we finally reached our destination, to actually get up-close to Jeongbang waterfall, we had to walk down some (more) steep steps and make our way over a field of rocks/boulders. It was a pretty slippery (and uneven) walk, so make sure you wear footwear with good grip. But the walk was worth it: the sight of the waterfall emptying itself right into the sea which makes it a pretty unique and amazing (since we don’t really have such waterfalls in Singapore).For more photos and our Jeongbang Waterfall experience, do check out my blog: http://www.travelbytez.com/2015/02/jeongbang-waterfall.html :)
A must see
If you are only able to see one waterfall on Jeju, make sure it's this one!  The waterfall empties right into the ocean so it makes the setting pretty unique and amazing.  The trail down is pretty steep.  Wear shoes, as the base of the waterfall is a rock field and can be slippery and uneven.
Walk right in
This was the only waterfall we visited in Jeju and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Unlike the others (according to what I read online), you can walk right up to the waterfall itself, although you'll need to brave the rocks to do it. Loved sitting here right by the edge of the water and just letting the spray wash all over me.
A Different Waterfall
We visited a total of 3 waterfalls (including Jeongbang Waterfall) for our recent trip to Jeju Island.  This was my favourite among the 3 waterfalls visited, as it was rather unique, flowing directly into the sea.  However, when we were there on a weekday afternoon, it was nice and quiet for only a few minutes, then a huge group of teenagers / students arrived and filled up the whole place.  It was too crowded and we had difficulty finding space to walk on the rocks and to take a good picture was nearly impossible.We would have stayed longer if it didn't get so crowded.
It's Different!
It's a memorable sight as it is the only waterfall in Asia that flows directly to the sea. Just be extra careful when walking down the wet steps.
Quite a sight
It was an impressive sight. If you wear appropriate shoes/trainers and get close to the waterfall, you can get a bit wet. But you have to be prepared to walk on big and, sometimes, round rocks. Tip: Get there early. It was our first stop and we were glad. As we were leaving (around 10am), buses full of tourists were arriving. It would have been quite impossible to take good pictures without getting someone's head in them because the staircase is not that wide.
Pleasant but nothing dramatic.
If you have seen any of the large dramatic water falls around the world then you will be disappointed by this tiny cascade. Barely 60/70 ft tall and about 20/25 ft wide. A small stream tumbles directly into the ocean. The tourist brochures make this more dramatic than what it actually is. Have uploaded pictures of the falls from the top (from the platform adjacent to the ticketing office and entry barriers) and from the bridge over the stream just before it tumbles down. Would give you some idea of the size.But having said all of that, this a pleasant enough area. Pay Won 2000 for entry (entry hours 8am - 6pm/7pm, depending on summer/winter) and leisurely climb down about 60 odd feet i.e. equivalent of climbing down about 6 stories. You will arrive at a rocky area. Clambering over about 1/5th mile (300 odd mts) of large rocks to where the water falls, isn't for the aged like me! But it would be nice to get to the water's edge if you can.Not a bad idea to carry sandwiches and beer and sit on the rocks, moments of peace and quiet, isolated from bustling Segwipo all around.You wouldn't miss anything if you haven't been here. But it would be a shame to miss it if you are on Jeju.
Gorgeous
I loved all the waterfalls in Jeju, did not meet one I didn't like.  Highly recommend this one as well as each one is a bit different.
Don't just go for the waterfall
I also went to Cheonjiyeon Falls, but this one was incredible. I found Cheonjiyeon Falls pretty, but it didn't feel special. This waterfall is loud. You can definitely feel the power. You can feel the mist and it is just awesome. The rocks are also really fun to play around on. I spent most of my time sitting by the ocean watched the waves crash on the rocks. It was really beautiful. While it is just a waterfall, there is more to do around this one than snap a photo. I definitely recommend this one.
The only waterfall in Asia to fall into the sea
A really beautiful sight to behold! Its a short but steep walk down to the waterfall, with an entrance fee of 2000 won. You wont be able to get too up close and personal though - the waterfall "guards" get a little touchy if you get too close to the rocks that are wet.
Not iguazu falls!
Little fall, a lot of people ......It's not a great place, only a great parking, a queue to buy tickets and so much people that take pictures
nice waterfall
its nice to go for a look and maybe sit back and have something to eat,nice scenery,can even go for a little swim if you want.cost 2000 won.
Simply superb
Only waterfall in asia which falls in ocean.i was amazed.must must see.very high falling.entry fee 2000 won
Nice and breath taking
It was quite near our hotel - Jeju Ocean Palace Hotel.about 10 minutes drive away.There was raw abalone, sea cucumber and squid to eat next to the waterfall.
very accessible very pretty
This fall flows right into the ocean. i liked this one better than the others in the city because you can get into the water at the base of the falls and get your feet wet. also there was a tent with some of the famous diving grannies selling raw seafoods. i highly recommend trying this as it was a truly unique experience. the raw plate cost 20,000w which was cheaper than most of the nearby restarunts.
Unless you are really into waterfalls I think there could be better options
I stopped by here on my way to the Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak from the Seogwipo area.  It was nice but the waterfall was not eye popping as it was quite small.  Nonetheless if you are also travelling from the Seogwipo area to the Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak then a short stopover for a stretch might not be a bad idea.
Just Okay on a Cold Spring Day
I live in a country with waterfalls and volcanoes, so Jeongbang wasn't as impressive for me. Maybe the hype kind of spoiled it, but it was really just a clear and pretty waterfall -- crawling with tourists. We were in and out in ten minutes or less because there was nothing to do except take a photo. It is worth a stop and look if you are passing through but don't expect too much.People with mobility issues -- there is a walk down some stairs to reach the base of the falls. The picture spots at the base are on a mound of loose, smooth boulders. I scuffed my boots here.
>> Nice waterfall <<
Apparently, this is the only waterfall where the water falls directly into the ocean. So based purely on this account and simply to appreciate the works of nature, do drop by and take a look. It would not take you more than 20 minutes. In front of the waterfall are a couple of old diver ladies that sell fresh abalone / sea cucumber sashimi so it was nice for my dad and I to eat these delicacies so near the waterfall. Would I do it again? I think sashimi would cost a lot less at Dongmun market but yes, the view is decent. By the way, you have to pay ~KRW2,000 to enter.
The biggest water fall i visited ever
this was the tallest waterfalls i visited ever. multiple waterfalls nearby, nice pictures to take there, a lot of shops. there's as well a small waterfall nearby that you can take a lot of nice pictures there on the bridge & down in the waterfall itself. Overall it was fantastic
Very cool waterfall
It was my favorite of the 3 big waterfalls that I visited. Unfortunately, it was closed both times I visited due to heavy rain :(
Waterfall washout
I was very excited to walk down to this water fall and get some good pictures, however due to the recent typhoon the trail down was closed. If you are planning to visit soon you may want to skip this waterfall as its just not that much fun to see it from the parking lot.
average
just a very very normal waterfall which u can find it every parts of the world
Recommended!
Impressive waterfall. It is about a 5 minutes hike down. My little niece loves it.
the diving women were interesting
the waterfall wasn't really interesting but the 2000 years old Chinese signature and the diving women who serve seafood that only a minute ago was alive, were very interesting.
The waterfall falling to the sea
This places is one of the a must place to visit in jeju. i think its getting more popular after 1bak2il had recording here, so many tourist and their fans come here to visit. Admission 2000won, you also can try raw seafood while watching the waterfall. and you can feel the cold water sprinkle on your face.
Lovely falls
This is also a very nice site in Seogwipo, you can get there by bus, and then go down all the way to see the falls as close as you like, it is impressive.
Great place to watch the women divers
As I made my way to the waterfall, I noticed some divers swimming towards the rocky beach. Two older ladies were selling freash seafood for 30000 won. The divers were women in their 60's and 70's. I dined on the seafood al fresco while taking in the the vista and clean air. Well worth the 2000 won admission price.
Very beautiful waterfall
Spectacular waterfall! Definitely worth a visit. If you are staying in Tae Gong Gak Guesthouse, the waterfall is just a 10-15 minute walk away :)
Waterfalls meets the Ocean!
These beautiful falls located at Seogwipo are within arm's reach of the beach!  Cool environment, nice photo ops and a chance to breath fresh air straight from the ocean!
Over-rated
We were attracted by the promise from the literature that this was the only waterfall in Asia with 'debouches' into the ocean. Hmmm, you almost get the impression from above that some channel engineering has helped this along. Anyway, Wikipedia tells me that this claim is not quite correct. Anyway, we arrived as then had to purchase entry tickets. The stressed out man next to the ticket gate then seemed to think that we have not purchased the correct amount of tickets. We had. It was all the more puzzling because he was only 2 feet from where we bought the tickets. Maybe he was so bored he was asleep at the wheel. Or maybe it was because we were foreigners. Anyway, once that nonsense was resolved we headed down the steps, only to be stopped half-way down at yer another ticket check! Ridiculous, three check for a 1000-or-so won entry ticket. We thought we must be in for something very special. Alas not. Said waterfall falls a few score metres, generates a modest amount of spray and attracts thousands of people taking selfies of themselves and said insipid attraction. There are some older folk selling ghastly looking octopus slices by the rocks - poor animals (the octopus that is). We were not stopped for more ticket checks on the way out, thankfully. I suggest you just look at the photo on the web and go and do something more interesting instead.
Don't go chasing waterfalls
Pretty good stuff for an accessible waterfall. The surrounds are pleasant, it's cheap to get in, but it's  busy in the summer months.
Waterfall
This is a nice waterfall to see going in to the sea. The walk down is all steps about 130 each way. The rocks at the bottom can be difficult to walk over.
Waterfall thats connect the sea
The only special thing about the waterfall is that it connects to the sea. But it worths a visit in Jeju if you have time.
1 of the many waterfalls in Jeju
The only difference with other waterfalls is the water goes directly into the sea. A Hanyeo was selling her fresh catch near the Falls. A bit pricey in my opinion. Having said that it is still a must visit if it is your 1st trip to Jeju.
Amazing waterfall
If you one got time for 1 of the 3 waterfall in Seogwipo, you should choose this waterfall. View is spectacular, need to walk down the stairs to view the waterfall. and some actually walk very close to the waterfall by walk on the big rocks to get some nice photo. Plenty of parking space available, youth below 25 years get some discount for the entrance ticket (do bring along your passport). suggest to spend 1 hour there.
Water fall with a seaview
The water fall easy to find from central seogwipo very beautiful view from entrance And easy going down to the sea to see the waterfallCan find some lady divers sell fresh seafood
My favorite waterfall
Enjoyed extra time here because the rushing water sounds were so relaxing. You can hang out on the rocks quite close to the falls.
amazing
Waterfalls have always been interesting to me and this one certainly was among the top 10 I have visited.
Worth every stair!!!
Beautiful little hike, worth all the stairs (130 stairs). Shady little spots along the path to pause and sit, and there’s different platforms to get different angles of the view as you approach. But it’s worth going down to the bottom. $2 per person to get in. The women at the juice stalls were also super sweet!
Nice waterfall with strong wind
The waterfall is not too far from the entrance. Just take a short walk around 5-8 minutes and then you will find the waterfall. For young children, must assist by adults, because on the way to waterfall there are many big rock. The wind is so strong. The waterfall is special because it's located near beach.
Nice Waterfall But Too Crowded
In general, Jeongbang Falls is a nice looking waterfall that plunges into the blue ocean. Entry fee is low too at 2000 krw. However, this place is way, way too crowded with tourists. Chances of you getting 'photo bombed' is 100%, unless you risk your safety by walking over the rocks to the point near the waterfall like most tourists did. Hence, it is not recommended for travellers with walking difficulties.
Falls are worth the stairs
There are literally stairs everywhere in Korea, for everything you want to see.  The stairs down the the falls were well worth the hike down then up...
Very unique waterfall by the sea
Very unique waterfall by the sea. walk up close and feel the water spray across your face, while the sea waves lap your feet below. great view and refreshing experience.
Slippery, but worth it!
Not many things beat the sound of a waterfall, and this one is no exception. Situated right where the river meets the ocean, it is a beautiful sight to see.There is a parking area right by the entrance to the trail. The entrance fee is ₩2000 per person, and you should be careful when walking along the rocks - they tend to get quite slippery.Note: definitely not wheelchair accessible!
Nice Waterfall, but Crowded
The admission to this waterfall for adults is 2000KW. It was very overcrowded, which caused the time to be rushed. Worth seeing, but come early in the morning to beat the crowds.
Really nice waterfall, I think it's best from 3 waterfalls near Seogwipo
I saw all 3 waterfalls near Seogwipo and I liked this one most. It is an only waterfall in Asia that falls directly to the ocean (sea). It is really big and it gets pretty crowded, so if you want to enjoy it without a lot of people taking photos go in the morning. There are opening hours and small entrance fee, so check it before going. Really nice  and big waterfall worth visiting.
Easy going
Of course as many reviews state, it was pretty busy. It was a simple walk down stairs. The steps were even, there is a handrail and spots to stop if you need to.Once you reach the bottom you can sit on the step and admire the falls. Equally, if you are happy to step over rocks you can get closer to the falls. My 6 and 10 yr old did it with ease. The walk up is easy enough but the exit steps vary a little in size. Nothing hard though. Nice little half an hour outing.
Just if you want to see a Fall virtually in the sea.
Orelse, nothing spectacular. Not really worth a detour, but as area is full of spots ... why not spending 10mn there !
View from another angle
Having just climbed Hallasan the day before, we decided to just take some pics from the ticket office entrance and treat ourselves to icecream on a hot late morning - delish. Many a shot has been taken, looking up to the falls, but did anyone ever wonder about its source? And so, on our way out, I peeked over a stone wall and sure enough, Jeongbang Falls as it drops over into the ocean. Click2. I like to think I'm the first to snap this. Ha2.
Gorgeous but Rocky
This waterfall is beautiful and worth visiting. The only drawback is the slightly treacherous rocks to get to the water, but our boys thought it was a real adventure. A very reasonable fee of 2,000 Won which clearly helps maintain the area, which had nice toilets. Very clean. I wish I could have enjoyed the fresh sashimi from the free divers, but the boys got restless! Worth a visit for some gorgeous views and photo opportunities!
Small but beautiful waterfall
I seen waterfalls of over 70m so a 20m one is not so impressive but they did a really good job at making a nice park around it.
Must visit!!
I'm very amazed by the 23m waterfall and it is just next to the ocean!! It's a bit difficult to walk on the rocks though but it's definitely worth the visit!
Great stop
You could park and walk to the falls. Entrance was 2000w. Opens at 0900 not crowded. You’re able to walk right up to the edge of the falls for great photos. Some available shops for souvenirs and snacks.
wow
this was simply superb. you need to buy a ticket for the visit and get to the bottom of it although i personally thought that the views were much better from the entrance up top. Empties into the ocean, what a view
Scenic Waterfall
A really beautiful and picturesque waterfall! I was in awe when I first saw the waterfall and couldn't stop taking pictures of it from all angles. After passing the entrance, you can just follow the steps down and you can already catch an amazing view of the waterfall. Many people, including my family and I, took one step further and went down the rocks so that we could really catch the waterfall right in front of us. It was truly a spectacular view and the waterfall seemed so majestic. Definitely recommend to visit at least once when visiting Jeju!
Beautiful!
I went to three well known waterfalls in Jeju. This one was really different as the waterfall was near to the ocean.
Beautiful and refreshing
Beautiful waterfall and very photogenic. You should visit one of the waterfall in Jeju. We went to Jeongbang because it was near our place.
Jeongbang Waterfall
A short 10 mins walk down down several flights of steps would lead u to the base of the fall. For the adventurous and nimble folks, you can navigate carefully across the rocks to get nearer to the waterfall. I was there on a crowded day and the task of leaping from rock to rock didn’t seem possible. It was still a nice view from the base. Do include this site in your itinerary. I think the volume of water was lesser since it was still winter when I visited.
Beautiful Waterfall in Jeju
This was of our Yeha bus tour - South Course and this was a beautiful stop.  You can take steps down to the waterfall for some great photo opportunities.  There are some really large rocks that you walk and stand on.
So close you can taste it
What I like about this waterfall is that you can either admire it from a distance or if you prefer, you can literally walk along the rocks and take a closeup shot right next to the falls. What a thrill.
Falling into the ocean...
Just a waterfall into the ocean. If you have 30 minutes to spare, it would be a nice stop. Otherwise, there another waterfall nearby.
Underwhelmed
I was really disappointed. It’s not magnificent or anything. Just another waterfall. The surrounding scenery was not impressive at all. I would suggest you skip this.
Great view
It is a quite tough for elderly to walk to the place in order to take great pictures (the usual spot that tourists will take pic). It is so windy and nice actually. You can see how the locals get the fresh seafood from the sea and consume it. Thou it is very fresh but I am not a fan of raw food hence, I pass! LOL
Great views
This is really amazing. I loved the view. The place is well taken care of. The walk is of moderate intensity. We had wonderful weather. Recommend this place
A very cool waterfall!
While it is not the only waterfall in Asia that falls into the sea as many think (I've seen them both in Indonesia and Philippines), it is definitely a cool waterfall to see and they are relatively rare. I would definitely recommend seeing this waterfall first if you're planning to check out all of the waterfalls on Jeju. It is very accessible and a great viewing experience.
Amazing
This is my second times visit, the water fall still strong and powerful. Feel the fresh of the fresh water from waterfall while enjoying the breeze from the salt water. Amazing place to revisit.
Cool waterfall
About 5mins down the long flight of stairs and you get upclose with the waterfall. Helpful to come with proper shoes as you can walk closer the the waterfall on the rocks to get a good photo.
Jeongbang waterfall- iconic scenic
Jeongbang waterfall has water flowing into the open sea. One of Jeju 7 wonder on the island . Ladies divers for oysters to sell as fresh seafood .
Magnificent view
Love this place! Admission is 2000won per adult and parking lots are available.  Glad that the weather was good!
Beautiful but beware steep steps
Short visit but the scene is beautiful. Steep climb is not recommended for old folks though. Really like the waterfall that goes into the ocean!
One of the better waterfalls in Jeju
This waterfall lies in the southern part of the island, specifically in Seogwipo. Pay an entry fee of 2000 KRW and you can experience it up close for some photo-opportunity but just remember to wear a good air of shoes and be very careful when walking around or climbing over large rocks for a closer feel of the cool breeze. It's worth the trip.
Worth the walk down
I think this is the better of the two main waterfalls in the area.  It is more natural and a little less touristy. There is a second waterfall shown on the map around 1km along the coast path but this is not worth going to.
Visit to Jeju on 2 days Jeju highlight tour
This scenery of falling water is really very amazing. An appropriate place for photography. There are many other beautiful places near it.
Worth the view
2000won per adult. A 3min walk down the stairs and you'll reach the waterfall. Love the weather and sun during autumn.
Visit during low tide to see fall up-close
Good photo opportunity. Visit during high tide to see majestic falls flowing into the ocean.Visit during rainy season to see more water crashing down.
Not sure what's the fuss
We saw many people taking photos around the waterfall. It's not the tallest nor grandest waterfall so I'm not sure what's the fuss about.Entrance fee is only 2K/pax. It's a short climb back up from the waterfall, ie very suitable for family and elderly.The rocks around the waterfall are rather pointed so please watch out while taking your selfies.
Tall waterfall drops right into the ocean
Entry fee equal to USD 1.50Nice waterfall. A lot of tourist though. Nice for short photo stop. Must climb stair.
Waterfall crashing into the sea
The entrance fee was 2000 W per head and 1000W per car . After buying the tickets , you descend about 5-6 flights of stairs onto the base of the waterfall . There you can clammer on the rocks for better photos of the waterfall or catch the sea waves crashing upon the rocks . After which you climb back up and then one can see stalls selling iced water with ice .The stalls also sold orange juice and ice-cream. Overall expect to spend about 45!minutes here .
Beautiful
This place is a must go place. It's a picturesque place for photos and videos. It's quite a small place for many tourist. Lucky for us, we went as early as 8am, we managed to escape the swamp of other tourists.
Unique waterfall experience!
I’ve visited many waterfalls during my travels but this one is unique as it is not located within a lagoon or by a river or along a forest but this is one that goes out to the ocean!! A unique experience for me :)Definitely no swimming here but you can actually walk up close to the foot of the waterfalls for pictures and such. Wear comfortable shoes as there is a significant amount of steps to climb up and down.
Ice cold water during summer
Beautiful waterfall near the ocean. The water is icy cold. You can't swim in all the waterfall in jeju. Too bad as the weather very hot and I really wish can dip inside here to cool down my body. Entrance fee of 2000won.
Icy water
Remember to go with sandel or any footwear that makes going into the water easy and comfortable.   You won't regret as the water is icy cold & refreshing under the hot sun.
Best waterfall in Jeju
With a 2,000₩ fee, this waterfall is well worth a visit! It's a short walk down from the parking lot - not hard to get to at all. You should, however, wear comfortable and supportive shoes because you need to balance on rocks in order to get close to the falls.
Lovely waterfall, Asia's only waterfall falling into the sea.
Steps down to the waterfall are well constructed and have seats along the way. It is mostly shaded on the way down if it is hot like when I went. You can see women selling abalone on the rock shore, I have tried it, because when in Rome, but I don't like the texture.There are little shops selling souvenirs, and drinks etc. There is also a tourist information point near the car park exit, and they are very helpful. You can walk to the harbour, or to the other waterfalls in the area in around 30 minutes along the seashore and there are a few gardens along the route.
Only waterfall in Asia falls directly to the ocean
it is Only waterfall in Asia falls directly to the ocean. Not that interesting, easy to walk down, a lot of kids and old people can visit.
Beautiful waterfalls
Breathtaking waterfalls with crystal clear blue water.  The walk to the waterfalls takes you through a pathway surrounded by trees and shrubs.
Great waterfall but.. too crowded
Its definitely one of the most impressive waterfall I have been to. Its only a 5 mins walk from the parking lot and you see this strong waterfall. The water was nicely cool. I wish I had my bathing suit with me.  Its a small area.. we only spent like 30 mins there.
Waterfall by the coast
Beautiful waterfall with an amazing view - can recommend buying a drink or an icecream before going the stairs down and then chilling on the big stones
Beautiful but rather small
Entrance fee is 2000 won which is not that bad but again, the waterfalls are not that big. There are other falls on Jeju with greater magnitude you should consider instead unless you stay in Seogwipo as this is literally just on the outskirts of the city.
Quick Sightseeing location
The waterfall is very close to the ticketing booth so there isn't a need to walk for a long distance to get to it. It is generally quite nice but not super impressive.
Falls come down right by the sea
2000krw to get in.    Walk down stairs to get to a very rocky area with the waterfall coming down right next to the sea.  There was not a huge amount of water flowing down.     Some souvenir/food shops around.
Wonderful!
This waterfall is amazing, but be careful, it's almost dry in summer!! Only negative point: we need to pay to access to it.
Waterfall directly flowing into sea!
Very scenic place to see a pretty high waterfall flow directly into the sea!! There is an admission fee of $2000 Korean won entrance fees per Adult. Short walk from the ticket booth with steps reaching downwards to the waterfall. Interestingly if time permits, one can walk to the end of the big car park in front of the ticket office and there is an Olle trail near the sea that leads to a Castle of Shell and a smaller waterfall!
Nice view
We went there in the morning. 2000krw for the entrance fee. Nice scenery view. Watch out for slippery rocks if you wanna take photos.
Stunning waterfall!
This was so beautiful! I went during April and there was a lot of water going down the falls. Such a picture perfect spot! I highly recommend it to all visitors.
waterfall
great view of the waterfall and the sea, you can see the locals there selling crabs coconuts, oranges and other stuff like souvenirs
Magnificent waterfall at the beach front
This waterfall is not very big as compare to other but the view is breath-taking as the water falls into the edge of the cliff at the sea front. One can feel the mist of the water fall spraying onto the face as one walk closer to the cliff of the water fall. However, be very careful while walking on the rock towards the waterfall as the rock gets more slippery as one get nearer to the waterfall. But it is definitely worth the risk and the slow walk as the pictures that comes out from the shot is gorgeous!
Just a waterfall
As my country does have lotsa waterfall, this short walk for the scene just a ok to us.  Well, the difference is since we are tourist, so we visited the place. You can skip to pay the entrance fee if you are not keen on waterfall as it can be viewed and spotted before climb down for a nearer view of it.
Worthwhile beauty
A short walk to these falls - low ticket price at the entrance and then about 100 steps down to the base of the falls - quite rocky and need to watch the step - fortunately we went on a day without many tourists. Could feel the refreshing cool spray, nice when in the sunshineI love the fact there’s no littering here - helps maintain the natural state
A must visit place
We need to pay for the entrance fees but it is not that pricey and worth it. You need to take a few stairs to finally reached the waterfall area. The view is very sceneric and worth to take a picture on every angle of it. A must visit place when you are at Jeju Island.
Wonderful Fall
It's worth our climb n walk to the fall. Please wear warm enough to prevent same thing as us. I just wear a sweater and T-shirt inside yet the wind breeze can make you freeze. Worth the long walk and stairs taken to reach the destination.
Beautiful waterfall
The waterfall is beautiful and takes only a mere 10 minutes to go down. There were people stacking stones, which also made the environment look more aesthetic.
Asia water fall into ocean
Came here by using waze , there's parking , entrance fee 2000 won for adults , 1000 won for youth , walk down the stairs leading to the rocky waterfalls , got to be careful when walking around the rocks .
Waterfall to the ocean. an important landmark in Jeju Island
It's a impressive waterfall in Jeju Island of historical significance.Should not miss this site, if it's your first trip to Jeju Island.
Worth a visit
This was the only waterfall we visited on Jeju island. It was worth the visit although somehow not terribly exciting for me. I think it would be  nicer in  the summer time when you can put your feet in the water. There is a small entrance fee.
Nice walk, ok Falls
Nothing spectacular in terms of size other than the water is running into the ocean. It was a nice walk to get there and the view is nice from the rocks along the sea.  Ladies selling fresh seafood on the rocks.
Another wonderful place must visit.
Nice place to visit. Wonderfull waterfall nice place for relax. My son enjoy this place so much. We took public bus to come here and its quite easy to find.
Nice place for a 30min visit
The scenery was nice. The driver told me it is the largest waterfall feature in Jeju area.  Lots of tourists when we visited.  The rocks were quite slippery and could be dangerous for young kids and elderly.  Overall a nice place to visit even if you only have 30mins to spare.  The entrance fee was cheap.
Not so great
Not so great but for a small place like Jeju .....good to go if you have a day to spare. Lots of eateries around & cosmetic shops as well.
Rainbow!
I’ve never been this near to the base of a waterfall before.  No railings, just the raw power of a thunderous fall.  And a rainbow!  The kids loved jumping from rock to rock.  This may be a little precarious on a wet day, but we were lucky with the weather during our visit.You do get some splashes.  So if you have very expensive camera equipment, you may want to protect it?  The walk up was a little tiring, but not overly so.Absolutely love it.  A must see!
Literally on the rocks !
Getting close to the waterfalls looks easier than it seems. However, that adds to the thrill of getting nearer to mother nature. It is tricky manuvering around the wet, slippery & sometimes unstable rocks & boulders in cold weather. Many a times, you find yourself balancing precariously on the boulders or have your feet stuck between the rocks as you slip or slide from the smooth rocks. You will also find visitors around you lending you a hand to help you get back on your feet. Such spontaneous camaraderie !  For the young & agile, it is fun watching them jumping from rock to rock, like Tarzan in action.  It is a thrilling on the rocks experience not to be missed !  And you get rewarded by the beautiful sight & sound of a great waterfall!
Gorgeous waterfall
One of the most beautiful waterfalls in Jeju! I didn't ecpect it to be so nice! Definitely worth spending 45 minutes there. Good spot for photoes, too.
See the falls and walk the side trail
Went here on a cloudy morning and loved it. Lots of steps to get down to the falls so grandmom stayed at the top. Pretty impressive and the bottom and it’s neat to see a waterfall so close to the ocean.If you have time, don’t forget to walk along the path along the coast to the “Castle of Shell”. You get to the boardwalk path from the other side of the parking lot and it’s not well marked. It leads to a house on a cliff and another small waterfall. This place would have been a 4 but this extra trail makes it a 5. The cost for a family of 5 was 7,000 KRW.
Most Amazing Waterfall!
This waterfall truly was magnificent to see. I recommend going early in the morning (ticket office opens at 8:00 am). It was 8:30 am when I visited and there were a few people. At one point they all left and it was only me and the waterfall. Truly amazing. Definitely go before before all the tourists get there!!!
Fun place for the whole family
This is a fun place to visit, as apart from the waterfalls you can walk around the area and see many different attractions.
Amazing and my fav of the 3 waterfalls
I visited this waterfall very close to the closing time. I reached there at 530pm but it was more than enough for me to wow at this waterfall. The air was refreshing and having the water coming together with the sea was amazing. It was a pity that it was too cold for us to take a dip but nonetheless we did not regret making a trip here!
raw power of waterfall is awe-inspiring
tough climb to take pictures at the waterfall because of the rocks and uneven ground. but the sight is well worth it.
Great view, adventurous experience
You need to purchase a ticket at 2000won each and then take 130 steps down a flight of stairs to get to the waterfall. Comfortable shoes are recommended if you want to get closer to the waterfall. It is advisable to use your feet to check for the stability of the rocks before stepping on them as there were some loose and moving ones amongst the pile of rocks. The rocks nearer to the waterfall are wet so be careful if you want to get even closer to the fall. The waves crashing on the shore are also rather strong, so be more cautious if you’re moving nearer towards the shore.
Beautiful waterfall
I really like this waterfall. It adjoins the ocean so its pretty unique. The climb is pretty steep. Wear comfortable shoes.
Very beautiful
If you like nature then this will be a wonderful experience. It is a spectacular waterfall that connects with the ocean. It is quite busy, but the area is big enough as well. There are many steep steps to get down to the falls and back up again
Gorgeous waterfall for picture taking
Its really easy to reach this attraction. Parking is free however you are required to pay a minimal fee in order to view this waterfall. Walking on the stairs is easy but if you do wish to get close to the waterfall , a good pair of shoes with good grip is required as you have to walk on the slippery stone/rock. There are some women selling fresh seafood by the waterfall.
Pretty spot with a short walk.
Take your time and enjoy the views. After rain, the waterfall is very pretty and worth the walk from the car parking area. Vendors sell drinks and traditional snacks at various spots and there are many photo spots.
marvelous historical fall into the sea
a cliff beside the sea fell with fresh water. Thre is a historical legend about a staff of the 1st great empire of China that he wants to be immortal. The story is also about the name of this city. sea woman inside the park.
Beautiful spot
Nice for some lovely photos. Beautiful scenery all around and even some super fresh seafood caught by the locals available here.
A very lovely place
It's a short walk down to the waterfall. Very doable and not tiring. We went early in the morning after breakfast and the pictures turned out lovely.  Also saw real Hanyeo women actually diving tirelessly.
Just ok .......
This waterfall is a poor second to the nearby Cheonjiyeon Falls. If you want to see everything Seogwipo has to offer then pay a visit but I much preferred the other falls for both the actual waterfall and the surrounding gardens that give you access to it.
Beautiful waterfall
We went here to see the waterfall. The stones were very slippery but otherwise it was okey. The easiest way to get here is by taxi I think.
A nice walk
It's a nice walk to the waterfall, but from land I suspect the view is not as nice as from sea. Consider doing the boat cruise of the area to give a better perspective.
Very pretty waterfall, Very busy with tourists.
When we arrived we were a little surprised at the ticket price to enter. There was quite a lot of steps to get down, as we walked down you can see the waterfall. when we got down to the rocks by the waterfall there was tons of people it was so crowded. but the waterfall was very beautiful and was very nice how it was all open without any barriers keeping you from the waterfall.
Ocean waterfall
Fantastic view and cheap entry maybe 2000 won ($2.00 us). Cheaper for students high school and below.But a nice scenic hike and a fantastic view. Well worth it.
Refreshing
Stand nearer to the waterfall for some refreshing sprinkle. Nice view and a must visit. Stepping stones to get to the waterfall may be a challenge for some.
Great View
This is a place with a great view, you just need to walk a few minutes to get there from the enterance. There was some people that sell raw seafood snacks if you want to try.
Good view
It's relatively easy to find this place. We need to pay 2000 won for entrance fee. If you have more time, take another walk to the parking lot, there is also beautiful scenery.
Absoulutely Beautiful
This is a very beautiful location and in a good location. You can visit here for any length of time that you would like. It is great for a quick stop on the way to other attractions on the south side of the island. Don't miss this one. Even if you have many other things to do there is time to put this on the list.
Easy access and cool during evening
Easy climb down to see the waterfall. If you are adventurous, go navigate across the rocks for better photos angles and also for a challenge. A simple waterfall for photo ops and a light stroll.
Small waterfall
The waterfall is not as impressive as it was advertised and there is an admission fee.Frankly, I don't think they should charge for admission as there is really nothing to do except to see the waterfall. If you have time to spare, visit other attractions.
Surprisingly impressive
The only waterfall in Jeju that drains directly into the ocean is worth stopping by for around half an hour. Ample parking space, free admission, good accessibility and the ability to get quite close to the waterfall even if it isn't that tall.
Is it really worth the admission?
Interesting way they hide it from free view, but a  nice drop and fall into the ocean.  Careful clambering over the cobbles and boulders to get your shot.  Looks like local vendors selling raw oysters of sashimi down by the shore.  Other souvenir shops align the entrance and exit.
Waterfall that flows directly to the sea
Interesting sight, w lots of tourists. Only 2000 won per adult, not expensive.There is another waterfall 40 mins away but other than that not much in that area. So plan well before making a trip there esp if you are going to use public transportation.
Spectacular waterfall
Enjoyed how easy it was to walk from parking lot down to the waterfall, ws not expecting such a short walk! A waterfall that goes into the ocean, two awesome things in one!
2000won ticket to enter
A good short stop to see a waterfall. There is a few steep steps so not recommended if u are bring a baby or toddler. The waterfall is not extremely fanciful though.  There are some old ladies trying to sell the usual seafood.
beautiful view
Walked over from our hotel to the waterfalls and enjoyed the view.  Absolutely gorgeous. As a group, we enjoyed climbing up and down stones to get closer to the falls for pictures or over to see the fishermen (and women) slightly further away from the falls.
A nice waterfall that flows into the sea
A popular hotspot and parking can be a problem. The waterfall is nice but not very spectacular. Can stand on the rocks bottom to catch a better glimpse of the waterfall but mind the slippery rocks. Wear a sport shoes with good traction or simply walked bare footed on the rocks.
Breathtaking views!!
This waterfall was a 15 min walk away from where we were staying. The trail which led to this waterfall is amazing with great views of the ocean. Waterfall itself is pretty amazing and great opportunity for few pics.
Breathtaking scenic view
Beautiful weather with wonderful scenic view. Took a bit of time getting to the side of the waterfall due to uneven rocks surrounding it after going down the stair for about 10 mins. Once you get past that, have a great time snapping away and find your best angles 😊 though you have to take turns with other tourists who are doing the exact same thing. Snap away!
Very nice
Beautiful Waterfall. Because it was April there was no charge to see it, liked that part. It was sort of hot so it was refreshing to be  near the fall
Not much
Waterfall is easily accessible from seogwipo town and surrounded by lovely parks. Entrance fee is 2000 krw but no one was collecting fares when I was there. There is a stairway down to water fall but you can see it from the top easily. Nothing spectacular if you have seen other water falls.
Nice visit
The Waterfall is very close to Seogwipo, within walkig distance.  It costs 2000eon adults to enter but you can get very close to the Waterfall.  There are even seafood being sold next to the cliffs so you can eat seafood, watch the sea and enjoy the waterfall.  We took a few pictures and then   left because the downside is that there are a lot of people.
Great natural playground!
This is a very accessible waterfall. Kudos to the local government for making it as easy as possible to enjoy the natural landmarks on the island. A flight of steps down and a very short walk brings you to the waterfall. There are large rocks to climb over and also a rocky flat "beach". Young children will especially love climbing over the rocks and exploring the pools of flowing water. I have a sturdy 4 year old and a 5.5 year old and I think the waterfall impressed them less than the natural rocky playground they happily found themselves in. Do keep a very close eye on young children as the rocks are sharp edged and uneven, some even loose when you step on them.
Highly recommend!
As someone who loves walking on rocky surfaces (yes it does sound weird when I type it like that), I really enjoyed walking down to the base of the waterfall. You don't have to walk the rocky part to get you to the waterfall though - the steps from the carpark down to the base will take you close enough. Someone the rocks are slippery so be careful. Along the way I think there were haenyeon with their very freshly caught seafood. Loved this place; would come back in a heartbeat.
Beautiful Scenic
We tried the seafood that they sell at the seaside. The seafood taste horrible, everything so hard. It is so fishy, sea salt taste.
Jeongbang Waterfall, bit tire
Well, another water fall, again! haha, its nice, give it a try if never bit there. Photo look nicer tho, actual scene you might feel that the waterfall is not as big as you imagine.
Family with young kids
Beautiful waterfall with nice view.Kids love them n lots of pics taken.Tired part is to climb up the stairs n big step..
Simply Beautiful
Everyone loved it!Make sure to bring your selfie stick and sunblock.Will definitely revisit.Visited in Summer of 2015
Must visit
It's a waterfall that goes directly to the see. Not many like that so you should visited it at least once. The road after the stairs was rocky, so you have to be careful. There's a woman diver, so there' s some people that ate her catch near the waterfall.
Fun place to visit!!
Our family spent much effort taking a nice family picture near this waterfall - and it turned out GREAT!! Hahaha... Nice place to go, for the sight, the EXERCISE!!But it can get quite crowded though. Older folks may find it hard to climb on the uneven rocks but they can get near enough for picture with the waterfall at the background. To get REAL near to the waterfall, leave it to the young ones!
Relaxing!
One of the best waterfalls in Jeju that flows all the way to sea... Spent a wonderful time in our free and easy trip around Jeju island with a rented car! Will go to Jeju again for the third time again!
A pleasant hour or so
If you are ona  relaxing trip and just want to see some nice scenery then this will fit the bill.  Its by no means spectacular but nonetheless very pretty, especially with the local plant growth.
A must-visit waterfall
Really gorgeous view of the waterfall which flows right into the sea. A little bit challenging to go near it as you have to walk and hop on big rocks but you could still see it clearly just by standing near the stairs. Sat near to the waterfall and my shirt got slightly wet by the water splashes. Cold but refreshing. Do wear proper shoes if you intend to walk on the huge rocks to go near the waterfall.
Disappointing
This waterfall is very tiny but really difficult to see the water itself because it dries up time to time. You must checkout the season before visiting this place.
Beautiful waterfall
It's very scenic and a good location for photography, it's near to town and easy to reach. The entrance fees is affordable
Secnic waterfall by the seaside
Magnificent view. We spent an hour taking lots of photos. There are some locals selling raw sashimi of abalone, octopus and top shell if you keen to eat them fresh (or rather I should say alive)
Worth the Walk!
Set out from the M-Stay Hotel for this attraction, and well worth the walk!  I think it is a bit better than the highly-enjoyable Cheonjiyeon Falls, with a wider view and a spectacular drop into the adjacent ocean.  Found this site to be more open and therefore afford a bit more solitary viewing than its aforementioned neighbor, though if you have trouble doing stairs than this site would pose a far greater challenge than Cheonjiyeon; here, you have to walk down steps to get to the falls, while the latter affords parking and access from the base of the falls.
Excellent View and experience
It is my first time seeing a waterfall by the sea... The view was spectacular! Experience the breeze of the sea combined with the breeze from the waterfall. The majestic waterfall is already quite impressive itself...
Up close to the waterfall
There is a standard entrance fee of 2000krw. After you buy the ticket you will proceed into the entrance and you can see the waterfall infront of you. Hang on to your ticket because somewhere along the route, they will check your ticket. Most people will walk to as near to the falls as possible to take pictures. It was quite crowded on the day. The rocks / boulders are not so easy to walk on. So we stayed near the staircase. Yes, there are stairs to climb down to the falls and then you have to climb up again.I would say it is quite a normal waterfall - just to tick off that you have seen it.
More amazing than Cheonjiyeon Waterfalls
It was a short walk from the entrance to get to the actual Jeongbang waterfall site, but was a grand sight to behold - you get to see the ocean from the waterfall! I also like that you could make your way closer to the waterfall by stepping on the big rocks around it.Between Jeongbang and Cheonjiyeon, my vote goes to the former. For the latter, the walk from the entrance was longer, the view was not as fantastic, and you can't get nearer to the waterfall even if you wanted to.
Photogenic waterfall
Located on the beach, you must go down and walk on lava stones, it's a nice place, many people take photos in front of this waterfall that comes out from the massive right on the beach, this place is connected to story of a Chinese traveller speaking the elixir of eternal youth, he hoped to find it on Jeju
Spectacular waterfall
This is a very spectacular waterfall plummeting down into the ocean. The boulders add to the fun of the attraction clambering over them to see the waterfall more directly .Very well organised walk from car park down to waterfall area. Some interesting stalls at the entrance. Again very cheap to visit.
Little bit crowded... cause it's the best one
If you choose one fall out of 3 in this area, choose this one.  It has the best view, and no platform which really ruin any natural beauty.  This is one one the best waterfall I have seen.
My fave waterfall in Asia
This is the largest waterfall in Asia that falls into the sea, and one of the only ones that is not fenced up at the bottom. Usually, when you visit waterfalls, it's always staring at it from a distance, where a viewing platform has been built. This is different, you get to walk ALL THE WAY to below that waterfall, and if you are open to wading through knee deep water, go touch that waterfall.The spray of water is refreshing, and the scenery rocks. You'll feel one with nature.
Awesome view
It sets you with AWE where you could see the waterfall meeting the sea.  You could experience the good ion in the air and listening to the music of the sea.
just a waterfall
nothing special, just a waterfall. spectacular? not really, but it is special as it is one of the few waterfalls that directly falls to the sea
Beautiful place where you can enjoy both waterfall and Sea side
This place is really amazing. The waterfall is falling directly to sea and it is a treat to eyes.. The best thing is we can enjoy both of them together here.. Was really astonished by the view.
Beautiful view
In order to reach the waterfall, you need to walk down many stairs and using the same way back. But worth it as the view is beautiful as it directly flows to the ocean. But be careful since the area is rocky.
Picturesque Jeongbang falls
One of 3 famous waterfalls in Jeju, along with Cheonjiyeon Waterfall and Cheonjeyeon Waterfallis but apparently the only waterfall in Asia to fall directly into the ocean.  Definitely worth the short climb down to get as near the fall for nice shots and a sea splash. If lucky, you might even catch a rainbow over the fall.  Walking shoes recommended to navigate the rocky boulders.  Do come early before the tourist horde arrive.  Adventurous hiking enthusiasts can continue to the Olle trail from the carpark entrance.
Stunning views
We visited the falls early afternoon, only minutes away from our hotel. It was worth the short climb down the views are amazing and it was not at all crowded, that maybe due to time of year. This was much nicer than cheonjijeon waterfall as you could get close and take nice pics.
Stunning
visited 3 more popular waterfalls in Jeju and this one is the best.  best visit time is summer so that you can enjoy the splash when you walk close.  Imagine it would be too chilly for winter though.
No need to walk down to the bottom of the falls and fight the large crowds.
We paid our entrance fees and simply stayed on the top to get some good pictures. There were hordes of people down below so I don't recommend taking a long walk down and then back up just to get some pictures of other tourists.
Beautiful
I was in a rush so I briefly stoped by this fall to enjoy its amazing views.  It is simply amazing how it looks, I guess if you like nature, this would be one of the must see places.  I am a nature lover.  Take your time, and you can possibly have some of the fresh conch caught by the ladies by the bottom of the fall.
Nice waterfall
You have to go down to get the waterfall. Entrance fee is 3k won. Crowded with people. The waterfall is quite beautifull as it
Overrated
Ofcourse is a nice waterfal but i think it was a little overrated. Like everyplace att Jeju you have to pay a small entrance fee (2000 won) and then its just what it is, a waterfall. For sure you can take some nice pictures but thats it.
Super pretty
Very rocky do be sure to wear appropriate shoes. Lots of great angles to take photos without having lots of other tourists in the shot. Go around dinner or lunch time as they have some local women selling freshly prepared seafood (I'm a vegetarian and didn't try it but looked good).
Beautiful Waterfall! Water falls into the ocean!
If you have time, I would definitely recommend coming here. After coming to this waterfall we decided there was no need to see the others as this was so beautiful. There are a lot of tourists though, so you may want to come earlier. Quick and easy to find the location, with only a few steps down to the waterfall. Definitely worth it!
Pretty waterfall
Might not be worth the $2 entry fee. If you walk behind the first ticket counter you get one of the best views of the falls. There's another ticket booth that they punch your ticket at.
Nice falls
It's a good stop if you're in the area. I get the feeling there's much more to do around but it was raining. Anyways it's cheap and easy to access. It's also right in the city so ot won't require you to travel far. Really nice spot for photos.
Huge waterakl
Nice waterfall, but nothing too special except it was pretty big. It was right after the typhoon so lots of water flowing down.
Huge waterfall
Jeongbang waterfall is impressive for its sheer size and also the fact that it falls directly into the ocean - apparently the only one in Asia that does. You can climb over the huge rocks in front of it to get a better view beyond the hoards of tourists taking selfies. Worth the visit!
Nice waterfall
Jeongbang Waterfall is a very nice waterfall with a great view. You have to go there if you travel to Jeju Island.
Must go
It is known as the only waterfall in Asia that falls directly into the ocean. The view is breathtaking, the most beautiful waterfall I have seen so far. Definitely worth the visit. The entrance ticket is 2,000 KRW, it is only 1,000 KRW for teenager.
Waterfalls were beautiful
So the water level in South Korea is low right now due to an unusually dry rainy season so the falls were not as grand as they usually are however it was still an impressive sight and one I wont forget. BTW take a swim trunk with you and go swimming in the water at the bottom of the first falls its cold but amazing.
Jeongbang fall
Really nice waterfalls. Awesome view of the beach from the top. Entrance is just 2,000 KRW with 50% discount for military.
You Can Actually Cool Off!
Of all the waterfalls we visited in Jeju, this was one of the ONLY that you could actually play in!  The others are beautiful but this one allowed visitors to swim and play!  Not many people did but we had a BLAST enjoying the cool water on the hot summer day!
Beautiful waterfall W/ DOUBLE RAINBOW
My friend took me here because he said it was beautiful. Indeed, a waterfall next to the ocean is as picturesque as it gets. We took some dope pictures and dip our feet into the cool and refreshing water when I saw my FIRST EVER DOUBLE RAINBOW. Life is good haha
Cool Waterfall
This is a cool waterfall. With 35 degree heat the splashing from the powerful waterfall was a nice way to cool down. Of the many waterfalls in Jeju, I feel that this is the best one.
Not to miss!
The waterfall is in walking distance from the center of Seogwipo, even if there are a fee steps to get to the waterfall it's worth the visit!The view is fantastic, and the vapour coming from the waterfall is refreshing (especially in summer).Beware just of the last few meters because are on rocks, and sometimes slippery.
Gorgeous
The only (or so I'm told) waterfall that falls into the sea in Jeju Island.  Easy walk down stairs to the bottom of the falls.  Able to walk around on the rocks and view the falls.  Really gorgeous and totally worth the visit.
Great Falls
Nice wiev, cold water. Not that big but worth going in hot summer days. Easy to reach, wide car parking. Entrance fee than stairs to reach sea level. Fun for kids, if you dare:...... get into the water!!!
Should be the favorit over Cheonjeyeon falls
I loved it! You could come real close to the water fall and get water on you as well. I prefer this one over the other one definitely.
Wow waterfall!
A few dozen steps down to the open rocks at the base of the waterfall.  And then you are rewarded with a beautiful scene and welcoming and cooling mist.  If you have good balance you can walk on the rocks for some beautiful pic of the falls and the waves crashing on the rocks.  Gorgeous!
A must at Jeju
It's not the most huge waterfall, but its certainly the closest distance you can have with that beautiful waterfalls. Brace yourself with the beauty of natural creation. Must visit whenever you go Jeju.
Undescribable
Amazing view. Undescribable scene. You can stop by the small shop for fresh orange juice or an orange in your way.
Best waterfall in Jeju
Of all the waterfalls we visited, which included all the major ones, this waterfall takes the cake. How to get there:It is easy to reach, a quick walk from anywhere in Seogwipo to the shore. Taxi's help.Once you get there you pay entrance and climb down the steps to the beach.What we liked:Waterfall falling into the sea.Nice way to cool down in the summer heat (water spraying everywhere, cold sea water).Busy, but not too busy.There are much appreciated ice creams and cold drinks at the top of the stairs.What we didn't like:The idea that we looked as silly as everyone else with our selfie stick. Would we recommend others to go?Yes
Stunning
Although really busy... what a beautiful sight! You do need to be able to climb steep stairs to access but well worth the effort.
Very nice sea mist
A short walk from the parking lot. This waterfall is also connected to one of the Olle trails which you can explore from the car park area. It gets quite crowded though.
Must visit place in Jeju
This waterfall is so beautiful. Showing your ID/ passport and if you are below 24, you can get discounted price.
waterfall
nice and beautiful scenery, not very crowded easy parking and ticket were only 2000 won, around 2 dollars
A must-visit if you're in Seogwipo
It's close to the main centre of Seogwipo, easy to find with street signs posted in English around the place, it only costs 2000 won to enter, and it's not only unique but a spectacular chance for photos. Do as the Koreans do, they sure do love a waterfall selfie.This and the nearby Cheonjiyeon Falls are two must-visit attractions in the area.I'm not sure if you can walk too close to the actual waterfall, or what the rules are for swimming in the waterfall pool, but on a hot and sunny day I seriously considered it.You do get a bit of spray from the waterfall, so keep that in mind when taking a photo so as not to get your camera too wet.
One of the best parts of Jeju Trip
Unique setting near the sea-shore. The water flow was good, take tangerine from market outside the falls and enjoy water sprinkling out of the falls.
Spectacular Waterfalls
It was amazing to, after a very short walk down stairs, be able to walk/climb so close to these spectacular waterfalls. Just lovely, safe, accessible, great!
The only waterfall worth seeing in Jeju
There are a number of waterfalls in Jeju, but only one deserves your time. It's amazing to see just how close the water flows directly to the sea.
waterfall by the sea
Definitely one of the key sights in Jeju and not to be missed.  This waterfall is just 50 meters from the sea and the view is amazing.
Beautiful even on a foggy day
This waterfall is beautiful in that the water falls all the way to the rocks in the ocean unimpeded.  You have to scramble on rocks to get closer or you can remain on the landing at the bottom of the steps and get a pretty good view.
Beautiful, easy to reach, and inexpensive
If staying in or visitng Seogwipo, this is a must. It's no Niagra Falls, but the quality-to-price ratio of this georgeous waterfall is difficult to overstate, as it costs only 2000 won (less than 2USD). A short walk down several staircases, passing shops along the way, will lead you to a stoney beach and the nearby waterfall. You're free to get as close as you wish, but, as many other reviewers have pointed out, the myst created by the falls makes the rocks slippery. So, wear shoes with decent treading and proceed with caution!
Spectacular waterfalls
Staying in Seogwipo we were lucky enough to be able to walk to these amazing waterfalls which fall into the sea.  We descended  down some wooden steps to the beach and clambered over rocks to get close to the falls.  There was a great atmosphere there with many tourists all happy to help take photos of each other with the falls behind.  Well worth a visit.
Beautiful scenery
A bit difficult to find, but a gorgeous location.   The waterfall flows into a small pool and then flows into the sea.  It was pretty crowded when we went, but still worth going.  The rocks are SLIPPERY.  Be careful when moving around on them as we saw a few people fall.  There are a few shops selling snacks and Jeju treats at the top and a proper coffee shop as well.
Scenic waterfall
You can get right up to the falls even as it empties into the sea. Where sneaks that day because there are a lot of rocks. Be careful and take lots of pictures. A taxi or bike ride is preferable but you can easily walk to the entrance it is just out of the way of the town
Waterfall
The natural waterfall in the raw form and walking in the rocks is fun. The surprise was a fresh Jeju orange juice nearby, the seller was honest and nice.
Unique natural beauty
Such a unique place as the water falls directly to the sea. Not far from the city centre, definitely worth to visit.
Convenient Scenic Spot
The location is close to town centre but the fall is not grand. It's special in the way that it directly falls to the sea. Anyway very convenient to visit.
Great scene ....
Such a great waterfall in Jeju island, it's good to be able to take photo with this Mother Nature. You will not be regret to climb down and up to the waterfall. A place that must visit.
I found this place by accident.. and what a wonderful surprise it was!
I found this place by accident. One afternoon as I was shopping at Seogwipo market area, I happen to see the sea at a distant. I thought I'd just take a walk towards there. It was a lovely surprise, as I managed to get to this very much talked about waterfalls. The water actually drains directly into the sea, and not another freshwater reservoir as more commonly seen.There is an entrance fee and plenty of souvenir shops and eateries here. It's a beautiful sight and even better sound.... the sound of the water gushing down into the ocean. The mist from the pounding of the water is so refreshing. Be prepared to walk along some steep steps...not many but quite steep.
It's ok
It's got a high ranking but I was disappointed,  this was the 3rd waterfall I'd paid an entrance fee to see,  it's nice to see but nothing spectacular we hooked it onto the end of olle trail 7 after cheongjiyeon falls.
Worth the trip
This spectacular waterfall is worth the visit. Parking is easy and there is a small fee to walk down to the bottom of the falls. The bottom is all rocks so it could be difficult to maneuver for some. At the top is a lovely art gallery and cafe.
Lovely waterfall
The water was cool (it was a hot day), we went on a weekday so it was not too crowded. Take off your shoes and frolick.
Waterfalls in Jeju
Interesting if short visit. Not too well signposted, but once found, plenty of parking and a short climb downn to the beach. Depending on the season entry if 2,000 Won or free. Demonstrates well the islands volcanic cliffs.
You have visited all waterfalls in JEJU.
It was my first time experience in Jeju Island, but with 3 days and 2 nights , has been provided with a pleasure vacation with my family. For those who are planning to go to Jeongbang Waterfall, it is actually in Seogwipo, and you can cover two famous waterfall in this towns and most probably you can cover in a day. For this Jeongbang Waterfall, please take note that it is closed at 6.00pm and whereby the another waterfall in Seogwipo is open during nightime. Thus, last time during our visit, for Jeongbang we visited early morning, and that the best time you to go, because not that many people and you can snap a photo alone instead of a lot of people.My tips:1. Go early i.e. 8.00am2. Get photo as much as you want3. Each season the waterfall will be different, if winter, you may get different panorama and landscape of the waterfall.Thank You.
Stunning waterfall.
This is in my opinion the best of the three major waterfall sites on jeju. It wasn't overly crowded and the surrounding coastline makes for great photos.
An Amazing Waterfall Worth Seeing
The Jeonbang Waterfall was breath taking and is the only waterfall in South East Asia to flow directly into the ocean. The views are great and the waterfall looks so majestic. This is definitely one waterfall you should check out in Seogwipo.
Beautiful!
Beautiful, according to our guide we hired he claims that the this is the only waterfall in South Korea that is sea side. The place is touch crowded and a bit of walk downhill from visitor location. Otherwise, totally worth the effort.
Interesting yet Nice waterfall
To be honest, I didn't expect anything from this waterfall, but once we got there, it was pretty nice. It wasn't big like the one in U.S (Niagara fall), but this is only waterfall I know that flows right to the ocean! We paid about $2 to see the waterfall. We took some pictures and left there within 30 mins. Was this worth to see? It's a toss up but I'd say yes.
Beautiful
Although the waterfall itself was very beautiful to see we only stayed for a few minutes if that there was a lot of people there taking pictures and sitting on the rocks once there, there wasn't much stuff to do. But on the bright side it was really nice to see.
A hidden gem next to Jeongbang Waterfall made it worth it
Jeongbang Waterfall itself is beautiful.  A bonus to see the Haenyo (women sea divers) set up camp at the base of the waterfall selling fresh sashimi from their morning's catch.  The entrance is a bit touristy with a small market trying to see you all the typical Jeju fare (famous hallabong which mine were deceptively switched to regular tangerines, hallabong flavored everything, grandfather statues...).  But what makes the stop worth it is the "other waterfall" just a few min walk down the Olle trail at the same entrance.  That one isn't nearly as tall but way more impressive in my book.
Beautiful location
Our guide added this to our itinerary and we were glad he did. It's a beautiful location and the waterfall itself is lovely. It can get a bit busy with Chinese tourists, so you have to pick your photo taking opportunities when you can, but well worth a visit.
great view
need to be careful walking on the rocks, the water is very clean n clear, a lot of tourist here so have to be 'skillful' to take photos and move about on the rocks.
A sight to behold!
There is a fee at the entrance. It takes only 10 minutes to climb down the steps to the waterfall. There is no proper footpath so you have to walk on jagged rocks and stones to go near the waterfall. Wear proper shoes and tread carefully. It's really a majestic waterfall and you could get really close which adds to the experience. We sat down in the shade and enjoyed the cool mist and sounds of the waters. Took a lot of photos of course. A sight not to be missed!
Amazing waterfalls
This was one of our most favorite waterfalls in Korea. Amazing to see. Lots of steps down and up but worth the climb.
First time seeing a waterfall flowing into the ocean
This is in my opinion the best waterfall in Seogwipo. I don't know if it's the biggest or the tallest, but it is truly unique, as water falls down into the ocean in the middle of a pebble beach. I visited it on a rainy and windy day, and because of it it might have left a stronger impression on me. I could really feel the forces of nature. Also, since the water falls onto the beach, you can take pictures really close to the waterfall. Overall, it is a must see waterfall if you come to Seogwipo, even though it doesn't get more than 20 minutes to get a nice view of the fall and its surroundings.
Beautiful
This could be a quick stop or you could spend time enjoying the view.  There weren't too many people when we were there but of course it could be busy.  The falls are unique in that the fresh water falls directly into the sea below.  You have to take stairs to get down to the sea level.  You can't get right up to the falls but you can get close enough to feel the spray and hear the roar of the water.
Lovely!
A very nice place to admire and get close to nature but do be in the right footwear as the steps down can be quite slippery. You can get really close to the waterfall and that was what many people were trying to do so it was difficult to get a nice picture without any photobombs.
Rainy yet powerful
Although the weather wasn't perfect for a visit this afternoon, however, it hasn't spoiled a positive impression. Lots of tourists anyways, and it leaves a good feeling of connectedness with nature.
Beautiful waterfall and view
This was one of the highlights of our trip to Jeju. We took an afternoon trip to visit and the falls themselves are beautiful as is the view over the sea.
Nice!
Quite pretty and relatively easy to get to. Granted you have to go down some steps to get to the falls. Entrance fees are KRW2,000 per person.
Beautiful Waterfall
Beautiful Waterfall to visit while in Jeju island. Make sure you are wearing the right footwear and are fit. Many steep steps to get down to the fall.
Spectacular and Unique
A waterfall which falls right into the ocean, one of its kind and unique. Suitable even in rainy weather but take caution on the slippery rocks leading down to base of waterfall. The best of the 3 famous waterfalls around Seogwipo
I prefer this over cheonjiyon waterfall
It's crowded but the view is amazing. If you're a first timer, I personally will recommend this than the other waterfalls in Jeju.
Rainbow of Jeongbang waterfall
On sunny day, beautiful rainbow and  really blue sea you can see. you need to walk down some steps, but it is valuable experience to take time and effort.you don't want to miss it ^^
Beautiful
Was surprised to learn this is a UNESCO listed site and once I got there just loved it. It's one of the few waterfalls where the water falls straight into the ocean. There were alot of tourists when I visited but definetley worth a look!
Best waterfall of Jeju
We went in July end and found this waterfall good.It was loud,nice place to get some snaps. scenic beauty is good.Recommended for family.
The best!!
This is, so far, the best waterfall I have ever been. You need to go down from a lot of big rocks to go near the falls. That is what makes it exciting. Wear comfortable shoes and I recommend to wear pants.
Must visit waterfall if nearby!
Just try to get past all the tourists and walk down to the waterfall, bring a rain proof jacket :) went in November and waterfall was relatively small, probably more awesome after period of heavy rain. Great selfies ;)
love the fall and the seaview
went to Jeongball fall, the view is amazing. and the fact that it faces the sea, it suits me alot.there is 1-2 ajuma selling live seafood. can enjoy the excellent sea view with fresh seafood at the same time. But not for the weak tummy.
Beautiful Waterfall
Take the step down the cliff and you will find yourself a unique waterfall that is near a sea. Usually you will find waterfall upstream of a river not close to sea. The force of the water is quite huge so you can feel the breeze when you nearer to the waterfall. There are other cultural stuff nearby the waterfall as well.
Beautiful Waterfall!
Worth seeing, and I liked that it was within walking distance of our hotel. The beach area was really pretty although it is not a place to go if you want a beach and not a waterfall.
Amazing waterfall, loads of good photo opportunities
This waterfall provides loads of great photo opportunities. We liked this one better than the cheonjyeon waterfalls. You can get very close to the waterfall. You can also buy fresh seafood at the site.
Beautiful but crowed!
The falls are really beautiful but extremely crowded. I would recommend taking the first bus you can to the area to be there as soon as it opens if you want to try to get decent pictures without hundreds of people in your photo.  We arrived around 11am and the sheer numbers of people detracted from the beauty of the falls.
Falls Right Off of Coast
Cool falls near rocky coast.  Walk down into rocky coast and get sprayed by the falls.  There are women selling freshly caught seafood just near the fall. Great place to visit.
Amazing waterfall
The best waterfall to visit! Don't waste time to other waterfall, this is the best one. I managed to see rainbow at the waterfall was simply amazing! Made the whole trip worthwhile! Just wear the right shoes there as there are some rocks to walk on before getting close to the waterfall
simply superb
a rare waterfall that falls directly into the ocean its a sight to behold. can go quite near the falls for a good picture.
Majestic
This waterfall is so tall and you can stand near it to take a picture. The water is so cool and refreshing.There is a stall selling orange ice-cream near the exit- really delicious and thirst-quenching.
What a amazing waterfall.
What a amazing waterfall. I heard that there are olny few waterfall forward the ocean in the world. I had seen several waterfall. If anyone ask me what waterfall is best in your life time, I will say Jeongbang is the best. It is not that big like Victoria or Niagara, but it make feel me cheer up.
Impressive!
If you can get pass all the uneven boulders, you can get really up close to the waterfall and it's pretty impressive and majestic!
Nice to visit
Several nice waterfalls around here. This is one of the nicest. Swimming is not allowed, but you can cool down anyway, so nice for kids as well!
Lovely, refreshing and natural
The lack of barriers and many signs makes this a very pleasant and natural-feeling sight. If you're alone, someone will be more than happy to take a photo with you in it here, as Koreans come here with photography very much in mind.
Not a big waterfall
If you have been to Niagara, don't bother to visit this one. It's not a roaring high waterfall. Also when it's crowded, you have to be careful, climbing up the wooden steps.
Lovely sea waterfall
This is a lovely waterfall, but try to avoid the peak season otherwise it's a bit busy.  Beautiful how the water flows right next to the sea.  Good for a paddle as well.
Just a waterfall...
Pretty, but not necessarily a must see. The weather was terrible when we visited so maybe that contributed.
Nice water spray
Falls is very beautiful.  You walk down 100 steps or so, then across big rocks to the bottom of the falls.  Wear tennis shoes or flip-flops for rock hopping!  Lots of water spray, and nice wading in the cool water as it runs across a few rocks to the ocean.
great cascade
it reminds us of tropical islands in the pacific. its an excellent location ideal for a picnic. Very beautiful and romantic feel.
Directly into the sea
It's one of the only water falls in Asia which goes directly into the sea.You can get very close but you will het wet.Is as well worth the 2000 Won entry fee.
One of the waterfalls you can get close to
This was my favorite amongst all the waterfalls I have been to as you can get pretty close to it. You can even wade in the pool if you want to as it's quite shallow. Very nice place to take photos. Took a short trek to Sojeongbang waterfall from the same parking area. For those driving you can enter the phone number 7331530 into the gps. Admission fee is 2000 won for adults. Make use of your youth ID card if you are below 24 years old! It's half the price and can save you a lot if you go to many attractions. Closes at 6pm though so plan your itinerary properly!
Jeongbang Falls
Absolutely stunning location. Great place to sit on the beach and relax while the waterfall sprays you! If you're travelling from Jeju City, make sure you ask for directions before you try and find this waterfall (there are no buses that take you directly there so you have to walk for 15 minutes). - Guess that isn't the waterfall's fault though!
This is the waterfall to see
If you only see one waterfall in Jeju, I would see this one. It is beautiful how it goes into the see. We visited it during a taxi tour along with Cheonjiyeon Falls. They are very close to each other so there is no need to see just one but if you are short on time I would go to Jeongbang. For 2000 won each it is a bargin. Bring shoes you don't mind getting wet and can climb over rocks in, if you want to get close to the waterfall.
Must go if you love nature...
It was a short walk of about 10 min but we took longer than usual as we were distracted by the locals selling raw abalone... decided to try out the raw abalone... Dont really know how to appreciate them... Too hard and chewy for me... But the locals are very kind... They even offered us soju...
Amazing
It's a shame that water is toooo cool because  the first reaction on a water fall like this is to go inside the water and don't come out ;-)
Amazing tourist attraction
It is easily to reach from the downtown area.  Next to the Seobok Park, at the coastal rim.  You may enjoy a nice view on the coast-front.  Good for the family for fun.
Scenic Beauty of Jeju Island.
Beautiful Falls. Also its rare to see falls directly in ocean apparently only one in Asia. It said that the dragon's spirit is contained in the water which can cure diseases and bring rain during drought. Easy to access. Make sue you wearing comfatable Shoes, it does get slippery. We had some lovely click out here, spl couple ;)
Visiting a place discovered by Seobok in 219 B.C
We took airport limousine bus 600 and got off at Paradise Hotel, the second last stop, and the journey took us 90 minutes. At the bus stop, we saw the sign pointing to Sojeongbang Falls and started walking there. Reaching the place, you need to go down the staircase to see the waterfall, the little brother of Jeongbang falls, as it is not as high. Feeling satisfied, we followed the pathway and continued walking to Jeongbang falls. Paying an entrance fee of 2000 won, going down the stairs, stepping on rocks of all sizes and shapes, we reach the waterfall that had been discovered in 219 B.C. Seobok was ordered by Emperor Qinshihuang to find an elixir of life with a big fleet of over 3000 people by sailing to the east. He chanced upon this waterfall and he had inscribed on the rock near the fall stating that he had passed here. The waterfall is 23m high and very close to the ocean. This is one of the waterfalls to visit in Jeju.
Great place to visit
It is easy to access the fall for those who dislike climbing steps.  It was only a short distance from the entrance via some steps.  Nice feeling to get up close and personal to the fall however just gotta beware of wet ones which at times can be slippery.  Smaller rocks tend to move when you are stepping on them so be careful.
Waterfall and fresh sea food
Great waterfall, not very high but impressive nonetheless.  Spend a while looking about and then try some of the seafood brought up by the "haenyeo" [ladies who free-dive for shellfish].  Fresh as can be, washed down with a glass or two of soju.
Beautiful Waterfall
This place has a very nice view. The waterfall is beautiful and the water looks pure and clean. But you have to climb all the big rocks around to get closer to the waterfall.
waterfall which falls directly into the ocean
went there on a rainy day. Was't hard to get down to the waterfall but it was a little difficult trying to balance myself on the rocks while holding on to a camera. Was crowded but still manageable. On my way down, I found the lady divers selling fresh catch of the day and it was awesomely fresh!
Very Beautiful by the seaside
Scenic view by the sea and we can see lady divers on that day diving for their catch. We also tried fresh catches on the spot sold by Ahjumma and was a wonderful experience. A place not to be missed.
Beautiful waterfall by the ocean
Impressive and memorizing. Love the view. Can also have some fresh live seafood. Definitely worth going. One of the best waterfalls in Jeju. The rest are not really worth seeing.
This Waterfall Water goes Straight to the Sea
Cool and refreshing. The rocks just at the foot of the waterfall are difficult to walk down. Not recommended for old people.I could not find the inscription which this waterfall is famous (go check out the history/story behind this)!
Small waterfall but nice
We drove up to this attraction easily via an English GPS. No prams or strollers are allowed in there because it's mostly stairways and lots of rocks. You'll need to navigate across some amount of rocks to take a nice picture with the waterfall. There're a couple of old ladies selling seafood with a small fire burning nearby - we didnt buy anything coz they don't speak English. Not a huge waterfall, but the kids love it (not of the waterfall, but the rock walking experience) - if you're not careful, you can easily sprain an ankle or even break some bones.
The beauty of nature!
This is the only waterfall in Asia which falls directly into the ocean. Admission fee is 2000 won. You'll need to climb over quite a number of rocks to get nearer to the waterfall. Be careful of the slippery rocks if you go after raining. In my opinion, Jeongbang Waterfall is worth to visit than any other waterfalls in Jeju.
Jeongbang Waterfall
Took a Taxi to the waterfall from Cheonjiyeon Waterfall. Plan to get wet if you get close to the falls.Better get there before is closes. Admission of course. Lady at information desk was very helpful. We took the Airport Limo bus for 11000 won bus # 600 to the Cheoniyeon Waterfall. Since I wanted to see as much of the south end as I could before dark I am glad we got to see these areas. Go to KAL hotel and take the Limo Bus back to the Airport for 11000 Won.
Beautiful waterfall
It's a beautiful waterfall. As described by another reviewer, there is a flight of stairs you have to descend to reach the waterfall. At the bottom of the stairs, you will have to carefully traverse across rocks if you want to get nearer to the waterfall to take a good photo with it in the background. Be sure to get good shoes to avoid injury as the rocks can be slippery. Not recommended for pregnant ladies or old folks, especially so when the rocks are wet from rain.
Very beautiful waterfall
Must see stop in Jeju. Very scenic place, not too crowded. Have a museum nearby, not worth the visit
You could almost touch the waters
Waterfall falls direct into the sea. You can get so close and almost touch the waterfall. There's a little tent nearby that sells fresh seafood.
Amazing views
This was a great view. I was able to do it in less than an hour. Its a small descend( you will have to go up these same stairs to leave) to the actual waterfall. There were women selling seafood on the side. You can hear the waterfall when you get in the area. At the entrance there is food. And a 3 minute walk further there is an art museum. The waterfall itself was amazing. There was a lot of water coming down. And you can see it go directly to the ocean. Opposite the waterfall is the ocean.
Easy walk
Very easy to walk to. Eating places nearby. Very beautiful.  We had breakfast at Dunkin Doughnuts nearby. Cost is 2,000 won to see. Unique shopping near location.
Great view!
This is the only waterfall that falls into the sea and it's awesome. The steps down can be a bit slick when you get  near the waterfall, but in the rainy season the waterfall is massive and a great view.
Waterfall by the sea
This was my 3rd waterfall visit in Jeju and my favourite, probably because the waterfall goes directly to the sea. Also, we saw some haenyeo (female divers) there and they were selling fresh sashmi seafood on the rocks next to the sea. It was definitely a very unique eating experience!
Great waterfall but no swimming and VERY BUSY
Liked: The waterfall was nice and good value at $2 entry.Disliked: It was VERY busy and you were not allowed to swim here!
Just lovely!
A crowded place to visit during the summer but a lovely waterfall with clean amenities for visitors. Very family friendly, reasonable prices on tourist goods.
Rainbow spotted
Walk down to the falls is quiet and serene. A couple of local women were offering the fresh seafood they have just caught for sale. One just need to pay small amount and the woman will cut up the seafood and serve it with some sauce. People will just eat it fresh like sashimi.To get bearer to the fall, one need to navigate through rocks. Care should be taken else one may fall or drop your camera of smartphone. We were lucky to spot a rainbow at the place where the water splashed on the rocks! This is real rare and definitely made our day.
Beautiful waterfall
We enjoyed our walk to the falls and took great pictures.  It is a beautiful area that is a national cultural heritage. There is a sidewalk that takes you close to the falls.  The waterfall drops 23m into the sea, this is one of the 3 major falls on JeJu island.  Well maintained, very clean and well worth a visit!
Nice place for close view of waterfall
Our taxi driver brought us there and be our camera man, this is the only waterfall that meet directly to the sea water.
Feel the Negative Ions!
We enjoyed the experience of transversing the rocks to get to the falls. It can be a challenge though with young children. The feel of water vapour sweeping through your face and sitting close to the falls was great. I can't compare it with the other nearby falls as we didn't have time to visit those but we were satisfied with this fall. While heading out, there are a few hawkers selling stuff and bought boxes of Jeju chocolates and biscuits at really good price.
Simple but beautiful
There are a lot of negative reviews basically saying this waterfall is just average. It may not have that 'wow' factor but one should not visit if they are expecting the niagra falls. The one valid complaint are the stairs, slightly steep, and the rocks that need to be traversed to get closer to the falls. One has to be careful when hopping and stepping from rock to rock. Also, it can be a bit crowded with picture taking tourists.I found Jeongbang to be a modest waterfall, but nonetheless very charming. Great pictures can be taken on approach and up close, right next to the pool where you can feel the freshwater spray. Turn your back to the waterfall and a nice ocean view greets you, with two small mountain isles off in the distance. For the more adventurous, there are rocks of all sorts to be found closer to the sea. Most visitors snap a few pics and leave, but hanging out by the sea for a spell was also quite enjoyable.  While the rocks won't be confused with the rainbow, it was fun to pick out unique looking rocks from the saltwater, but watch out for the waves!
Unique, straight to the ocean waterfall
The waterfall is not so large when we came, so we can walk up near to it to take some pictures. It is only a short walk down from the entrance, but be careful when walking on the stones as it can be very slippery and very crowded at times. The falls itself is very unique as it flows straight to the ocean and it cost only 2000 won to enter.
pretty place
the waterfall is not huge but we can walk close to it. we saw 2 women selling raw seafood nearby which is a nice experience to have the sashimi near the sea.
Beautiful waterfall with a nice view of the ocean
This was a nice place to visit with the waterfall flowing right next to the ocean. It's a very short hike down but it's worth it to see the nice waterfall. It cost 2,000 won to enter.
nice place
Very nice place, quiet. During my visit not much of turist there, located within the city. I woul like to know, how is there durin rains...
Ok visit, flows directly into sea which is less common, if along the way, drop by
Not spectacular but unusual that it flows into the sea. You can walk across the rocks to get really close and many did for pictures. Be careful though. Some women selling freshly cut abalone, sea cucumber, snails - raw! Just 200m away from the base of the fall. Ticket is affordable at 2000 won even for foreigner which is the good part about most of the sights unlike some countries which cost double or more for foreigners.Don't see any restaurant so drive into the city seogwipo food street for plenty of choices.
Nice waterfall but be prepared to climb stairs
Went there in the morning via taxi. Not many people. Admission: 2000 won each.There are flights of stairs to climb down when you first reach, so imagine the climb back up once you are done. To get nearer to the waterfall, you have walk over many many many rocks. Not recommended to go after rain as it will be super slippery. However, I love this waterfall more than Cheongjiyeon waterfall. It is nicer actually and you can get closer to the waterfall (of coz getting passed the obstacles of rocks).Love it actually but no way near magnificent.
Horrible
Don't waste your time on this one. Parking was bad, then most of the stairs were destroyed. I don't know if they fixed it but ask around for more information before you head there.
Nice waterfall
Jeongbang Waterfall was near our guesthouse and it was the first stop of our trip to the east of Jeju. You can climb through the rocks and take a photo in the middle the small pond, in front of the waterfall. The water spray catches the light and acts as a prism to scatter the light into rainbows..pretty
Don't bother. View from above.
Cheap entry but a huge fllght of stairs to access and a "beach" with huge boulders. best to view from up top for free. Cheonnjiyeon Falls are much better.
Average
Personally, this is my least favourite falls in Jeju.  Nothing special about it except that it is a fall that flows directly to the sea.  The walk down the steps to the falls are fine but I do not recommend walking on the rocks to be nearer to the rocks.  Kids and senior citizens should not attempt that is it is rather dangerous.  You can still see and take photo of the fall from a further distance.  Not worth injury during your holidays!
Absolutely Beautiful!
I saw this on a map that the tourist center at the Airport provided. It was within walking distance from Ocean Palace Hotel and was very nice with walkways, parking, souviniers, food, stores, all for W2,000!
One of the better falls on Jeju island
I've never been able to go up so close to a waterfall that flows directly into the sea. You'll need to climb over rocks to go up near to the falls. I loved being so near the waterfall and the sea at the same time!If you only have time to see 1 waterfall on Jeju island, go to this one. Cheonjiyeon & Cheonjeyeon waterfalls were quite unimpressive in my opinion.
Nice
This waterfall apparently is the only waterfall in Asia to cascade into the sea.You can get up close to the waterfall, unlike Cheongjeyeong and Cheongjiyeon. Do remove your footwear and have a dip in the cooling water. I personally preferred this waterfall out of the few that we visited.
Lovely waterfall
A nice venue to visit along your way - didn't see the divers but a pleasant stop off along the way as part of an overall tour.
My personal favourite in Jeju
This is to me the nicest waterfall in Jeju, having visited four in total as you can get close to it and see the waterfall right into the sea...Not grand but nice...
Must see in Jeju
Located in Seogwipo, it is the only waterfall in Asia that falls straight to the sea. You may cool your feet in cold river water (or even the whole body if you brave enough). There are 3 women divers who offer to try raw seafood for 20 000 won.
Pretty but touristy
The waterfall is said to be the only waterfall in Asia that falls directly into the sea - although it seems to fall into a cove, not directly into the ocean.  The spot is very touristy and busy, but is a nice waterfall in itself.  You can paddle in the water to cool off and kids love playing on the rocks.
Waterfall into the ocean
It is supposedly the only waterfall in Asia that falls into an ocean. It's not spectacular but the setting is very beautiful and it is fun to play around in the cold water on a hot day.
just a waterfall
it looks just like any other waterfall. this place can be skipped if you have other interesting places to go, or you can just stop over for a short while.
Straight to tht sea.
Jeongbang waterfall is a marvelous sight where you could see the only waterfall in Asia that falls directly to the ocean. The only minus point is how I couldn't manage to walk or hop well from one rock to another so that I couldn't get to near to the waterfall. Other than that, everything was good.
scenic
awesome view, loads of walking so be sure to be in your comfy shoes. loads of picture taking & as usual loads of tourists
Who wouldn't like seeing rainbows?
I went there early morning on a sunny day - perfect for photo-taking. The wonderful view of the sea from the walk down was just a prelude to the beauty that was to come later. I was delighted to see that little rainbow at the bottom! If you're more gutsy (and have a good sense of balance), you can make your way nearer to the waterfall to feel the cool mist and enjoy the grandeur and the surrounding scenery. Not a sight to be missed!!
Best viewed rom the sea
There is an hour long boat tour that shows you many of the sights, but was the best way to see these falls and get pictures for these Hallasan weary feet.
Among the best sight in Jeju
Have to climb down the stairs with 3 kids. Very challenging task & we need slowly go down the stairs. It’s not that far. But the view & surrounding is worth it. The waterfall falls right into the sea. And i must say it is among the amazing sight in Jeju Island. You need to be very patience to get a good angle & picture. Need to get as close as possible & i think it’s worth it. Pro's : Amazing waterfall (can take good picture)Con's : Crowded & need to make sure nobody in front of you (to take a good Picture).By the way you need to Pay for entrance.
Only Waterfall in Asia that water falls into the sea
Best visit in summer or late spring when there's more water in the river. It would have been more magnificant. Historical evidence shows that the entourage sent by the Emperor Qin to search for the longivity medicine passed by this place.
Great view
the view of the waterfall is great! however, many will get closer to the waterfall by walking through the very rocky area from the stairway. kids and elderly need to be careful and also to secure your belongings, if things were to drop into the rocks, may be hard to retrieve. ensure you wear proper footwear!
Small little waterfall
The water fall was rather small but the good thing is we can walk on the big rocks path and take an up close pic without getting wet.
Only waterfall that falls directly into the sea
Nothing really special to me as I don't really know how to appreciate small waterfalls :p Interesting as it's the first waterfall I've seen that falls directly into the sea. Took about 10 minutes to walk down to the falls. Be sure to wear proper shoes as it's a rocky shore, all loose stones. Spent less than an hour at the place.
Waterfall direct pour into sea
Climb down stairs to reach this waterfall but the place is hard to reach cause no ground at all, have to walk on different shapes and size of stone to reach the waterfall. Only need to spend about 15 minutes here will do. Natural scene than Cheonjiyeon Falls that with man made paths.
Not overwhelming
A short 20 mins drive from the Jungmun resort area. Very easy to navigate and locate with the clear road signs available. Admission was just KRW 2,000 per adult. Very reasonable. The Waterfall is a short flight of stairs down from the main carpark. There were large groups of Korean high school students visiting during our time there so we just followed the crowd. Took us less than 15 mins to get down to the fall. Perhaps it's not the rainy season, the waterfall seemed tiny (compared to Niagara etc). The water flowed first into a stone pool before trickling into the sea. Not very impressive but a nice destination for our family with a toddler. He had a great time trying to balance on the big rocks by the fall. Next to the fall, there were 2 women divers selling abalone and sea squirts. I saw local tourists eating them as sashimi sitting right there on the rocks. Interesting.
coolness
there's nothing much to do. just walk a bit and you see waterfall right down to the sea. they said this is the only one in Asia. i did spend few minutes here. people who love nature and photography will love it here.
Just nice
The waterfall that falls direct to the sea. Although not as majestic as I thought. But you can see rainbow where the water is falling, in a clear day.
The waterfall where water flows into the ocean.
It is a pretty waterfall, though not as majestic as I thought but the walk to the waterfall was not too difficult anyway. It is possible to do the 3 waterfalls in Seogwipo in one day - Cheonjeyeon, Cheonjiyeon and Jeongbang.
A little disappointing.
We viewed the falls from afar and the tide was out, so it wasn't so dramatic. We were glad we made the detour to see them anyway.
Beautiful place with plenty things to do
You will be enchanted by the beauty of this place. It's quite unusual to see the shallow stream meeting big ocean waves. You can come very close to the waterfall to feel the power of falling stream. Or cross the stream and walk along the shore, it's fun to jump from one rock to another. Or just sit on a big smooth rock and watch the sea.
Beautiful Rainbow in the Morning
This is the only waterwall that flows directly into the sea. To give another better reason to see this waterfall, you'll catch a rainbow where the water is falling, but only in clear sky mornings. It's beautiful sight to behold so it's a must see!
Water falls into the sea
If you like to see waterfall falling into a sea, you cannot miss this waterfall. The place is rather crowded though... try going around the sunset because the scene is really beautiful.
Great on hot days
This place is pretty kool, it's great during a hot day, cause it's a little cooler around the area, and it's pretty
amazing waterfall on the coast
The waterfall is amazing, but the steps to the waterfall are steep and slippery.
Great view
Worth a visit to this waterfall. The waterfall on one side and the sea on the others!
A stunning waterfall.
The Jeongbang Waterfall is one of the "Big Three" on Jeju. This one is particularly stunning as the water falls down over the cliffs to the beach below. You can get very close to the water (your camera will get wet) and get some stunning photos. There are good facilities at the top and the walk down isn't too strenuous.
Normal waterfall
the waterfall is the only waterfall that flows to the sea directly.
Impressive Waterfall at the Beach
A waterfall at the ocean. Easily accessible. A 5-minute hike down from the parking lot. Can get crowded, have patience.
Get super close to the Waterfall
If you dont mind being slightly wet due to the splashes of the waterfall and the breeze from the ocean wind.. Well! that the place to go! you can get super close to the waterfall to take photos. why visit? that the place where the water flows from the waterfall directly into the sea!
Waterfall by the sea
The unique thing about this waterfall is it's by the sea. Do wear proper shoes as you would have to climb down stairs and rocks if you want a closer look at the falls. Like most attractions in Jeju, it was awfully crowded. Ap, one doesn't really get a chance to sit and enjoy the falls, which is a pity.
Truly beautiful
Well worth the walk.Words are not enough to explain the beauty, the sounds of thunder and the vision
Waterfall that drops into the sea.
Took cab from Seongsan Ilchulbong. Beautiful site for sea and waterfall. A bit crowded but worth it. About a 30 minute walk from hotel Little France.
Stairs and stairs and stairs.
Lovely view.  However u need to clinb endless stairs, which was horrible for me as I was using a babycarrier.  Nonetheless, everyone should visit, lovely views.
Beautiful Tall Waterfall that pours into the ocean
Well worth the small trek down.  Do a little rock/boulder hopping to the base and you can get a nice spray.  If you catch this waterfall during the rainy season or after a good rain it will be much more powerful.  Take the time to visit this place...maybe a little crowded but plenty of space to find your own spot.
Breathtaking
This is 1 of 3 waterfalls on JeJu Island and the only one that enters into sea in Asia
Beautiful
Worth a visit if you are on the island. Beautiful.
Spectacular
Spectacular waterfall tumbling over the cliff edge into the sea
I heart Jeongbang Waterfall <3
What can I say...I loved Jeongbang waterfall soooo much. I went there on one of the hottest summer days in July and it was absolutely amazing. On my way down, I was complaining and whining the whole time because it was too hot. But once I got down near the waterfall, it was really windy..almost chilly!!! Cooling winds lovely views...I'll go there again before I leave Jeju!
A different waterfall
Impressive sight withthewaterfall ending directly into the sea, walking down to the foot of the waterfall can be challenging with the rocks formation and without proper path, so don't wear heels!!!If you want to get near to the waterfall, be prepare for a shower of blessings
