Interesting but Expensive Experience
Great for both children and adults alike. Pistol shooting with live bullets only for adults and don’t forget to bring your ID/passport. Pretty pricey for 12 rounds but you can get a discount if you use the coupons from a Jeju Tourist Guidebook that you can get Jeju International Airport. For children, there’s the shooting simulator available.
Well maintained weapons and facilities
You need to present a copy of your identification before you are allowed into the range. At 35K Won it is not exactly the cheapest range in the world, but it is cheaper than Seoul for sure.There are a variety of handguns to choose from, and apart from the tacky advertisements on the wall, it is actually quite a secure and well maintained range.Weapons are chained to the wall for safety and only the staff can tap you in or out. Good quality 3M earphones are used. There is also a selfie stick attached for you to take your pictures. Unfortunately, the staff inside the range does not speak english (only the receptionist does basic english). However, they do a pretty good job of demonstrating how to handle the weapon, showing you on the screen where your shot have landed after each shot.After the shoot, the receptionist will total up your score and pack your score sheet for you to bring it home as a souvenir. The hot tip is to book via Klook or Trazy and hunt for discounts instead of paying for the full price.Overall, we enjoyed our shoot very much. Had it been cheaper, we would definitely have another go.
We enjoyed it.
This is my first shooting, but I enjoyed a lot. It’s a small shooting rage, but well organized. 35,000 Won must be not expensive.
Chained gun's
A waist of ₩35000 to shoot 6 rounds with a pistol CHAINED to the wall. ₩15000 for airsoft guns with messed up sights. And only kids 14 years and older. A waits look for Chained gun on YouTube in a few days.
My virgin shooting experience
Have never fired a live round before so this was pretty exhilarating for me. There are about 7-8 pistols and revolvers to choose from and i settled with a Beretta. There are computer screens that can help you to view where your last shot was. And at the end you can keep your target paper. We ate at the buffet downstairs on the 3rd floor before coming up as there is a 35% discount on the shooting range price after. The original price for 12 rounds is 35k won. The staff are not able to speak english at all which was quite a bummer as they will usually guide you and teach you how to shoot the target properly.
