Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Went pheasant hunting at Daeyoo Land and ate the meat for a great meal afterwards
I had a great time doing this pheasant hunt and afterwards ate Pheasant Shabu Shabu. However, there were some struggles in doing this trip which first of all - you must schedule an appointment with them at least 2 days prior to the day that you want to hunt, it's quite pricey compared to other hunting opportunities that I've done (make sure you have a friend or you'll get charged the minimum of 2 people), it cannot rain a lot nor be really windy on the day of your hunt, and lastly, you have to at least have someone who speaks Korean well to get it scheduled. This last aspect is very important almost everywhere in Jeju as the people don't speak other languages - kind of like when my friend and I went fishing and scuba diving elsewhere on the island.So what happens on the day of the hunt? Well, make sure you bring your passport and money to get the initial part out of the way. After that, you start off with some shotgun practice (if you've never shot before, then at least you get some warming up), then you jump on an ATV where you'll cruise to the hunting grounds, and then head off to an area where it's setup like a Pheasant tower shoot except it's on the ground. I originally thought that we would have a hunting dog and walk around tracking down pheasants but that was not the case. They said that only happens during November-February when it's not hot. The shooting was very quick and we got all of our pheasants easily since I've hunted before and my friend and I have shotgunned before. Bring earplugs to the hunting grounds! They didn't provide any and I had a feeling that they wouldn't.Once we were done, we took the ATVs back and went into the restaurant where they had everything setup for us minus the pheasant meat which they had to process. After boiling the broth for several minutes, the meat came out and our server explained how to cook the meat which was great. You cannot beat fresh meat served to the dinner table like we did! It was so good that we skipped dinner because we ate a lot!Overall though, I enjoyed it a lot because I was with my friend who had never hunted before. You must understand that there are a lot of people, locals and tourists, on the island of Jeju so it's not exactly the most open area out there for the best hunting and/or shooting opportunities available. They don't really openly market towards foreigners to show up but if more clients did show up, then maybe they make some changes for the positive side. Pigs? Deer? Never know.This is a good place to take friends to enjoy something different especially for those who have never shot guns nor hunted before.
Fun skeet shooting, but expensive
Daeyu Land offers skeet shooting and  quail hunting.   We went so my husband could try skeet shooting.   The location is at a gun club and has beautiful scenery.  For 35.00 you get a gun and 16 shots.   Unfortunately, the shots only last about 10 minutes, so a rather expensive activity.  It's easy to find off the main highway 1132.
Taste like chicken
Pheasant shabu shabu was surprisingly delicious and cooked very quickly.  Everyone said, "it taste like chicken".
Expensive!
It cost 30+ thousand won for 12 clay shoots. There are also pistol shoots and ATV rides as well. The prices are really steep and we decided to give them a miss.
Fun Fun Fun
Husband and mate returned there 3 days in a row!!... You get skeet shooting but also real pheasant hunting.... they got 6 birds, and invited the wives down to join them for lunch of shabu shabu with the pheasants they caught!!!  Nom Nom Nom
Pheasant Hunting (and eating) in Korea- an AMAZING day!
My husband and I had an absolutely fabulous day pheasant hunting at the Daeyoo Hunting Preserve on Jeju Island in South Korea, and then an excellent meal of (our) pheasant sashimi, roast pheasant, etc., washed down with wine, at their excellent pheasant restaurant! Daeyooland also has lovely gardens, a charming, helpful staff, and great coffee!We hunted with a guide and his trusty dog, walking for miles thru the beautiful countryside... and my husband did get us a pheasant! We also got to shoot skeet (and they have ATVing as well). My husband had hunted on Jeju many years ago when he was in the US Army and stationed in Korea, and I wanted to take him "home" and go hunting with him- and tourists can hunt at Daeyooland! As their website is only in Korean, our concierge at the JW Marriott in Seoul (an EXCELLENT hotel, which I've also reviewed) was kind enough to help make the arrangements for us. We flew to Jeju Island for the day, went hunting, and then walked around downtown Jeju, going to museums and some of the historic markets (there are 22!), buying and eating those famous Jeju oranges! Then we flew back to Seoul in the evening, having had  a GREAT day!
