Educational
Jeju 4-3 Peace Park educates visitors thoroughly about the Jeju 4-3 Incident which was really almost a genocide when Korean government and US military killed over 30,000 Jeju residents and tortured many more.  With Korea on the brink of dividing into two, Jeju residents wrongly suspected of being Communists ended up being victims.  The government didn't even go public about the incident until the late 1990's and only officially apologized in the 2000's.  The museum describes the build up to the incident and depicts all the horrible details of what the Jeju residents went through.  Having gone through grade school in the 1980's when the incident was not public knowledge, this was a very educational experience for me.
Really Worth A Visit
The museum and park are both really engaging. We learned a lot and enjoyed a family discussion on history and human nature. The park is really gorgeous and the entire experiences as moving. A highlight of our trip.
Must do, historic memorial.
I went here on Friday 31.05.2019. The front desk staff were very helpful, the museum is really easy as there's arrows on the floor directing you where to go. There is loads of information in English, it's easy to follow and very informative. The island has some really sad history, for anyone interested in history, and the impact of splitting Korea, this is a must do. The information does not make easy reading, but you will never forget this story, and it's an important one to remember. The gardens have lots of memorials, and outside is a nice space.It's not a pop in memorial/museum, it's bigger than expected. I'd recommend 2.5 hours to do the museum and outside. Unfortunately I had to rush as I got there late in the day and wish I'd had more time, but I'm pleased I went, and got most stuff done. It's accessible by bus. The museum closes at 6, last entry 5, but I'd suggest you get there no later than 3.30pm to do it properly.For clarity, this is the 4.3 peace park on the east side of the island, as there is one on the west side with a similar name, I've no idea what that one is like.
A well set out and fascinating museum
This well set out and very informative museum recounts the history of how many of the Jeju islanders were killed and repressed during the late 1940s and early 1950s.  The visitor passes through a series of rooms, each explaining in Korean and English a different stage in the tragic events.  Apart from the actual events themselves, two things shocked me most.  Firstly, that I had never before heard of the April 3 Uprising, although some 25-30,000 people were killed by Korean government forces and their supporters.  Secondly, that even well into South Korea's democracy the events continued to be hushed up and only relatively recently has the truth begun to be told.  Just a few years ago, mass graves were discovered near jeju airport.  The museum provides such a valuable insight into the island's past that I think no visit to Jeju would be complete without coming here and learning about the events and their aftermath.  Entry is free of charge.  The peace park around the museum provides a place for contemplation after visiting the museum.
Sad and Fascinating
This museum is EXTREMELY well put together.  It is not often in Korea where you will find proper English translations.  This place does not disappoint. There is a wealth of knowledge to be found here for those interested in the sad history Jeju people have had to endure.  ProTip:  Make sure you take time to explore the outside part (the lands and the memorial wall). ProTip:  You do not want to rush thru this.  Make sure you give yourself enough time to really walk around and read about the history.  The museum covers almost 6 years worth of events and details!
powerful memorial and museum
The Peace park serves both as a memorial to the victims of the April 3 uprising as well as the long period of persecution of islanders that followed. The museum shows the background of the conflict, connected to the division of Korea, in great detail. It could benefit from more signs in other languages. But it does give a detailed and balanced look at the period and also mentions reconciliation in the future, in contrast to many other memorials in Korea, which only look at the suffering in the past. Well worth to get to the out-of-the-way Peace Park.
Gives a great understanding of Jeju people and this tragic period of their history
This was a very informative and extremely moving experience, which helped me to gain a greater understanding of the Jeju people, and why, even today they see themselves as 'other', having a separate identity from the rest of the \korean people.
Peaceful as it says
Jeju April 3rd Peace Park  - really a peaceful place to visit. Walk through the small exhibitions to understand it better.
Amazing and powerful
I was there to lead a Sacred Circle Dance event in memory of the 4-3 Massacre, which was the most touching and powerful experience of group dance and solidarity. The following day I witnessed an amazing dance performance (Kim's troupe) as part of one of the services offered that week.- also touching. The level of art is very high. The architecture of the buildings speak loud and clear. Not to be missed - approach with reverence, and you too will be deeply moved.
Must-see in Jeju Island
Jeju is not only beaches and shopping malls, but has also a really interesting history ! This memorial is part of this history and helps you to understand the island but also Korea better.They have english translations of most presentation boards in the memorial, so you don't need to be able to read Korean to understand this visit.The explanations and the context they gave about the uprising of April 3rd are really captivating and well presented.I highly recommend to go there !
On my 5th visit to Jeju Island, I decided to visit this hall to better understand the Island's history
I moved to the U.S. (from Korea) 26 years ago when I was 15. I have been coming back to visit almost every year in the past 15 years or so and visited Jeju five times thus far. I don't get to take long weeks off from work, so I always try to pack as many activities into any given trip, so I squeezed this one in on my way back from a day trip to Udo (which is my favorite place in Korea). I wanted to pay this place a visit because I came to learn of what 4.3 incident last year, and I didn't want to pass up the opportunity to learn more about it.The memorial hall was very well organized with plenty of pictures, exhibits, and videos to see. The history before and after the incident was explained thoroughly, and even the resistance movements in other parts of the world are also included in the exhibit hall. My 16-year-old kid, who almost never bothers to read through anything at museums, was taking photos and reading through the exhibits, which I found impressive.My appreciation for the island (and its residents) grew tenfold after the visit to this memorial hall. I highly recommend this place to anyone who likes history/Jeju.영문으로 작성하니 최소50자 이상 리뷰내용을 기입하라고 나와서 한글로 두 줄 더 씁니다. 역사에 관심있는 분들이나 제주도 자체를 좋아하는 분들은 누구든 꼭 방문해 볼만한 유익한 장소라고 생각 됩니다.
Amazing layout with much to see.materials and
Government run, the Jeju Peace Park is set out over a large area with a variety of things to see. The main building contains a movie theatre, a cafe, information desks, and amenities as well as the main museum. The museum itself contains not only an amazing arrangements of information, exhibits, artworks, detailed memorabilia, personal video stories and recreated scenes of important sites, but also photos of the lost, current excavation efforts and modern artistic representations of the era. There are several other building that house additional memorials and scenes that are both emotional and historic. It is very worth a visit or two and should be given the time it deserves.
A Must thing to do in Jeju!
The history facts in this memorial hall recalled me of the one in Oswiecim, Poland... This memorial hall will help you to understand Jeju people's local history. Whenever I visit war related museum or places, we should stop fighting for nothing but losing the precious lives. I was even cried when I read 2 young men who could not enter the military school due to the wrong record of this tragic incident. I read all of explanation in Korean and English. I skipped some clips but I tried to watch 2 or 3 min's clips. Very well prepared in English and Korean. One of best museum. It is FREE. Only I concerned, there is no chairs to take a rest from time to time. And there was a decent with 15ish people, her voice was too much loud to make big echo in the hall area! I think they have to pay attention with other visitors who look into all scripts! I was a bit mad because she was too passionate to proceed her job. I think you do not need a docent because all of exhibits are perfectly translated in English. There are many heart breaking stories, but when I entered into the cave Darangshi(?), I could keep saying "oh my god.." I feel very sorry for all deceased, and their family members who survived at the same time witnesses. I strongly recommend this museum if you are interested local history, and history buff. It is a must. In fact, there is no restaurant, there is a coffee shop only. If you rent a car, within 10 min's drive, there are some. The bus #343, or #344 go to 4.3 Peace Park. From this park, Jeju Jeolmul Natural Recreation Forest is 5 min's drive away, and 20 min's walk on foot. This Forest is wonderful. I recommend to combine these 2 places to visit at once. History and Nature are very good combination! The last stop of 343 &344 is this forest.
It is sad history in korea
It is very sad history has in Korea.But, it is a been boarding.I like this place.Because I can know Korea's history and first time I feel said when I touring Jeju island.
Not bad, free to visit
This was a building to commemorate those who perished when an uprising was brutally put down.  It is part of Jeju's history and should interest history buffs. As we're not history buffs, we just paid a short visit here in October 2016. The building was of fair size and the surrounding park was quite big, but not much to see. It has a serene atmosphere and a solemn place and reminds me of a cemetery.  We saw lots of local school children visiting when we were here.
Worth the trip
Not on the main tourist route but this is worth a visit. Offers a look into the history of Jeju and it's people as well as a beautiful park.
A gem- not to be missed
I  read about this peace park in Lonely Planet and asked to go there. Our local guide had never visited there before but said he would definitely take people there now. It took us a while to find the right way to go in- lower floor. On the first floor there was a beautiful photo exhibition but the museum is the real attraction. It tells the story of post World War 2 Jeju and  especially about the massacres by different sides of politics. While the museum focuses on Jeju it provides a real insight into the sources of the 1950s Korean war and the division of the country. The USA and its military commanders certainly contributed to the problems and the terrible suffering of the Jeju people.   I highly recommend Westerners to visit this place and the labelling in English is very good.
A must do visit
The Peace Park is very spacious and beautifully laid out.  (Shouldn't compare but it reminded us of  a smaller version of the National Memorial Arboretum in Staffordshire, UK.)  They were still working on some landscaping while we were there.   We were lucky enough to catch the excellent art exhibition that is on at the moment and the museum display is very well laid out and informative - lots of English  so we learnt a lot about the Jeju's history around 1948.   We were there about 1.5 hours but could have stayed longer.
Very interesting
An interesting museum that was extremely well catered for English speaking tourists. A part of history that we knew nothing about and was moving to hear it from the perspective of the people of Jeju.
AMAZING! A MUST!
This museum is well worth the trip and it's FREE to the public. Very informative and emotional. This museum will not disappoint. I was so impressed with the honest representation of Jeju history. This museum incorporates works of local artists to help tell the stories and are very well done and effective. The staff was very kind and helpful. You also get a great book for free when you visit. My visit here was very moving and I would recommend it to everyone. Very impressive!
Very interesting and well presented
You can reach this place with Jeju tour bus - if you're going to the Roe Deer Observatory as well, I suggest you go there first and then walk downhill to the Peace Park (less than 10 mins). If you do it the other way round, you'll have to trek uphill. The admission for the Peace Park is free and everything is in English. The museum offers a comprehensive account of a controversial point in Korean history: some exhibits are quite chilling and upsetting but I think it's important to understand the history of this island: Jeju is not all about tangerines, erotic statues and kitschy teddy bears.
Let the Truth be told
It was a piece of history on this beautiful island that evaded many visitors. Thankful for the immersion tour so I know a little more of the Jeju islanders on their pain & their desire for reconciliation & peace!
Painful memories, relevant today
The Jeju Uprising/Massacre (or simply 4.3), with up to 80,000 villagers killed by the military, took place just prior to the Korean War but is relevant today as South Korea re-militarizes the Island of Peace. Go to the museum, then witness the current hot protests against a naval base being constructed in the fishing/farming village of Gangjeong (between Seogwipo and Jungmun), along the Ollie Trail.
