Oreum covered with beautiful silver grass
Went there because I heard it's a good place for silver grass view, and I was welcomed with a full mountain of beautiful silver grass! Wear comfortable shoes as the oreum is quite steep. Below the oreum are some food trucks selling snacks, good enough to fill your tummy after the steep hike. It might not be easy to locate this place, as the phone numbers I key in the GPS failed to bring me to the correct place. Finally able to find this place by searching for "Everis Golf & Resort" phone number, and managed to see "Saebyeol Oreum" at the highway signboard. Try searching for Everis resort if you can't locate saebyeol oreum, as they are just next to each other.
Quick steep hike
We really enjoyed this hike with our family. It is steep, as the reviews noted, but it is very fast. Our five-year-old and seven-year-old had no problem doing it on their own. It has nice views, isn’t very difficult, and it’s right next to an interesting coffee shop (you can see it from the parking lot) that has been converted from an old horseback riding resort. The coffee shop also has a bakery with some delicious treats for after the hike.  Easy to find and plenty of parking.  Overall a great little outing.
Best Hike in Korea
Sabyeol Oreum definitely has lots to offer especially for tourists/foreigners. The stunning view from the top of the hill is obviously something worth to be explored, and the best part of it is that you don’t need to pay anything to experience such aesthetic view! It is a flexible place that offers different kind of experience depending on the seasons, and it does not take much of a hiker to climb it. Not only does it not take long to climb to the top, the paths are also significantly safe. Near the place, you can also see some horses without having to pay for it, and there are lots of places where you can take good pictures! If you are coming to Jeju, I believe it is a must visit place that you should consider in your itinerary!
Extremely steep hike, breathtaking views!
I first heard of Saebyeol Oreum when watching Hyori's Bed & Breakfast, and I really wanted to visit this famous oreum. The hike was insanely steep, and we huffed and puffed to get to the summit (520m above sea level). The view from the top was breathtaking, and the eoksae (flamegrass) covering the entire oreum was absolutely gorgeous. We were lucky to catch the magnificent sunset, and it was a great end to our Jeju trip. Highly recommended!
A great day of exercise and scenery!
This is one of my favorite oreums (volcanic hills) on Jeju!!It is not exactly close to anything so be ready to travel quite a bit.  It is also a steep hike, but each step that takes your higher gives you more and more of a view. I am telling you the negative up first but I am also telling you...it is worth it.  *On the weekends (depending on the season) you will often find coffee trucks parked at the bottom parking lot.  You cannot count on this as they come and go...but if they are there, it will be a nice treat for you.*This oreum is also host to my favorite festival in Korea.  Jeju Fire Festival.  Thousands and thousands of people come to this oreum to say goodbye to the past memories and to welcome spring.  It is a seriously amazing event.  Fire, fireworks, food, beer, shopping tents, performances.....absolutely a fantastic event.
Amazing: Make a day of it!
The Jeju Fire Festival (now renamed the Field Burning festival) takes place every year and is a huge celebration, with music, dance, enormous quantities of food from many different places. It is on The last evening that the Oreum (hill) is set fire to.Allow plenty of time to get in and park (shuttle buses from Jeju city are probably a better idea, as it can also take an hour or more to get out with your car afterwards.
Be prepared to hike up 80 degrees hill!
Well, I think in fact if you go up the pathway at the right it's easier. But in fact you are supposed to go up on the left side and come down on the right. In any case, if you are able, it's quite an experience going up and should try it the tough way! It's beautiful throughout, up you'll have a magnificent view.
