Nice but not spectacular
If you like quirky and somewhat kitschy glass sculptures, you’ll love this place. If not it’s not worth the relatively high ticket price. It’s a nice outdoor area and some lovely walks. It’ll be also fun for kids I guess. But it was a bit too much kitsch for my liking.
Well Organized walk through sculpture garden
My kids loved this place I was sort of disappointed in the gift store I wish that there were more of the things displayed that you could buy, but the actual displays were quite amazing lots of good photo ops.
Pleasant Time in Glass Castle
I visited Jeju Glass Castle last winter. I went there twice while I stayed in Jeju for a week. The first time I visited, the weather was good and so my family walked around the museum with joy. We were very glad to be there. The second time, I was very thrilled to visit again, but unluckily, it was raining. Our family struggled to see the sculptures that were placed outside. I recommend that you go to Jeju Glass Castle when the weather is good.
Wow wow wow!
This place is such a gem — literally 😂 awe found it by accident and were blown away. Seriously one of the best parts of the trip! Highly suggest as a couple or with friends. (Solo is fine too, honestly)
cute
amazing trail in the woods like walking through a fairy tale! lots of glass ornaments, lighting,  this place is probably most beautiful and vibrant in the sun with all the reflections; we were there during a rain, but still very cute
filled with glass but far from being a castle
The Jeju Glass Castle was part of the itinerary of the group tour that I was part of. We spent more than an hour in the premises. We visited at daytime—I noticed that there a good number of spotlights so the Jeju Glass Castle must have a different ambience at night.I have mixed feelings about the Jeju Glass Castle.THE GOODThe Jeju Glass Castle is picturesque and very instagrammable. There are numerous displays that one can pose with. Many of the displays are quite feminine, though—very floral and colorful—girly, even. Most of the displays are outdoors including a small glass maze. Our trip was in December so it was cold but manageable. I liked the international glass displays—the Murano glass, especially because it reminded me of my aunt who had a significant number of pieces of this type of glass. THE BADFirst and foremost, I expected to see a palace or at least a castle straight out of a fairy tale. The Jeju Glass Castle is nowhere near a castle or palace. The buildings were plain and very utilitarian. The gardens were manicured but not palatial. It was more of a museum and a park, rather than a castle. Secondly, aside from signage that are in Korean or that mention the name of the place, there is nothing in the museum that shouts, “I am in Jeju!” or “I am in Korea!” for that matter. There is nothing in the museum that is intrinsically exclusive to the Jeju Glass Castle.Lastly, I was looking forward to try the glass comfort but the lock inside was broken and the door won’t keep closed. THE VERDICTI was able to take good photos of the displays—like I said, they were very instagrammable. Nevertheless, I do not see myself going back here just for the sake of it. It gets boring eventually, with little to do except to look at beautiful glass.
Pretty neat
Pretty to kewl to check out what they did with glass. Still fascinating to see them make glass art work right in front of you.  Got to see numerous glass art work from different countries...
You would not believe what you can do with glass
We visited the Glass Castle with our grandchildren. They had a great time running through the forest full of glass flowers and animals, there was a multiple mirror room, It is a bit kiche, it shouldn't work but it does beautifully.
Romantic and beautiful
It is quite expensive with 12.000 won per adult, but you could easily spent 2-3 hours and it is nicely set up. Of course the glass castle has a lot of romantic photo ops for newlyweds. But also their little hiking trail is nicely decorated and I loved all the wind chimes. You could do glass blowing or get your picture in glass. They have snacks and a coffee. Overall a nice little theme park.
Nice Glass Sculptures
The Glass Sculptures are very beautiful and creatively made. I've never seen anything like this before, so, it was worthwhile. Couldn't believe that they were all made out of glass. Recommend visiting this place if you've never been.
Tickets from $7.50
It’s boring
Only the nude glass sculptures were interesting. They saved the day. All the rest was quite dull and boring.
Nice display
there are display of recycle glasses. Glasses are recycled and made into flowers, fishes and others.
World class blown glass
There are beautiful indoor and outdoor displays of blown glass in a variety of formats.  The indoor display includes masterpieces, many by the Italian master, Signoretto.  The outdoor displays make for a great walk about through a beautiful park-like area.
Fun and cool!
This was a first time visit for us...and we found it to be cheesy with a capital 'C'. However, who would have thought that CHEESY could be so COOL!!!!Yup, we had fun here...the place was amazing. Nature in harmony with recycled glass and plastic. it's very well maintained, good to spend a few hours here taking pictures...as well as soaking in the various exhibits on display. I particularly enjoyed the walk in the Enchanted Forest, a bit creepy though...as it was secluded from the rest of the complex, and this added to the excitement of being in the forest...talk about a vivid imagination!They have a shop selling souvenirs as well, clean restrooms and a cafe. I would recommend those looking for some fun to drop by here, and just let your inner child run free!
Nice for a sunny day or rainy day
I have been here several times, I really do enjoy it.  It is just an easy and fun way to spend a day. Lots of photo opportunities.I see they occasionally offer glass blowing classes. I have never done this, but it is on my list of things to try!ProTip: There are 2 stores filled with glass items for sale.  Some tacky, but mostly rather reasonably priced gift ideas. Plus, lots of  cool looking jewelry.
Worth a visit if you like glass
The entrance fee is 11000 won . Worth a visit if you are in the vicinity . I particularly like the salmon Swimming upstream , the glass flower garden and the Pinocchio like town in the dark room. The glass forest panel is also unique . This place will look fantastic if visited at night.
dusty and kitsch
I don't think anyone is taking care of the vanue well enough. Everything seems to be dirty so the glass is not shiny. You really have to be into glass to enjoy it. Kitsch is the king here. Not worth the ticket (11.000 won)
Awesome glass sculptures
Was not so keen on coming here in the daytime as I wasn’t sure how the glass sculptures will turn out. Was really glad that we came after all. It was really amazing how the artists are able to sculpture glass into so many different sculptures and with colour. Some of them do not even look like glass. The glass was well designed with meandering paths which showcases the sculptures in different settings. Well Worth two hours or more of your itinerary.
Excellent driver
Our trip in Jeju was turely a great one.  We had an excellent driver.  Mr. Kang from Jeju Day tour ( Hi Jeju Taxi tour) provided us with amazing taxi service. He also recommended good places with reasonable prices. He is very friendly and patient with us.  We were all satisfied and will surely go with Mr.Kang if we happened to visit Jeju again. Highly recommend. Thank you.  😊😊
Excellent! Pleasantly surprised and would recommend
There is a lot more than meets the eye here. People first wonder but then realize they are glad to visit The Glass Castle. It is a museum and park of glass works by local artisans and crafts people and the collection is vast, so vast it takes a while to see everything. There is a diverse array of glass work in gardens, themes, and museum displays of varying quality and rarity around the park.This includes large outdoor sculptures such as the yellow submarine at the entrance or crystal skulls, and glass displays around the park. We were impressed by the size of the park and diverse collection of work. They also have workshops here and some hands on experiences.I would recommend this place as a worthy place to visit while on Jeju, near the O'Sulluc Tea Museum and Plantation which only 5 minutes away.
Tickets from $7.50
Worst and waste money!!!
The ticket entreance fee is 11,000 krw!!! Please do go if you dont want to regret. Too expensive with nothings special there. Its juz only like a forest with bad maintenance. Too dirty.
Don't miss the magical forest walk
I thoroughly enjoyed the Castle. I got to try my hand at glass blowing  (I'm not very good) and found the detail in the pieces amazing. You can wander around at leisure, take as long as you like (I was there for 2 hours). There's a short 500m walk at the back you should do if able, there's all sorts of surprising pieces hidden in the woods.
Glass castle indeed!
For 11000krw entry per person, we expected an eye opener and an attraction different than most. Upon entering, we can see from the number of glass exhibits on display that this place would've been a great place to visit for couples or families.Beautiful display with intricacies that you will need to understand to appreciate. The displays look quite challenging to maintain as there are so many glass objects that could be dulled due to weather conditions. Aside from that, we appreciated the effort it would've taken to create this glass wonderland and enjoyed it extremely. Even in the wintry snowy condition we were experiencing, although this is an outdoor exhibition, we enjoyed it!Would recommend 1-2 hours at a slow walk pace with many photo opportunities.
Creativity to its finest
The displays are nice and beautiful you can also have a personalized glass item with your name and picture which can be delivered to your hotel for free.
Small, bit outdated.
Place kinda small, outdated. You will probably like the outdoor more than the indoor. You would walk through glass sculptures illuminated at night. So recommended to visit at night. There is a workshop where they will help you to make your own glass work. It is also a great chance to learn glass work.
Glass city
This is the special place, have more glass decoration. But the decoration almost look old. if you have time you can go to see.
Love the concept
A very nice place to visit, beautiful installations that are perfect for photos. Will be pretty warm if you visit during summer since most of it is in the open.
Loved it!!
Soooo pretty! Absolutely stunning glass sculptures and the trail through the forest was an absolute highlight of my stay in Jeju. The glass tangelo trees must have taken FOREVER to complete and they were so well done. Loved the little farmhouse in the forest and the huge glass spider webs. So peaceful looking out at all the colours across the lake. Definitely recommend this place for something a little bit different.
Charming
Jeju Glass Castle houses collection of glass arts. The glass arts are tastefully arranged in different areas of the park, most of them outdoors. The forest trail is the most interesting area. Best to be visited in good weather.
Don't waste your money!
After having been to quite a few of Jeju's museums...this has to be the most boring and way overpriced.  It should be charging 2000KRW entry. ..not the KRW11,000 each we paid!  All the extra stuff you can do inside costs extra, you can only see so many glass flowers and glass baubles before it becomes boring!  We went in the day time.  We had lunch there first.  I would suggest that people get lunch in the nearby restaurants .... much cheaper!  The food was good but not a great choice and double the price you'd pay locally.  Perhaps this place is better at night but even if it was the price is still too high.  I wouldn't bother taking kids here either.
Tickets from $7.50
A HUGE ESTATE OF GLASS
This place of interest has a very large estate in which you can almost spend close to an hour walking all of it.  It was interesting to see how glass can be made to be all kind of artifacts.  The place is located in a area where other place of interest are closely located too so add this to one of your visit if you can.
Interesting for the whole family
Small confession: it's the only museum we've visited in Jeju so I can't compare it to others and say it was better, BUT the museum is great. It was something new and an interesting experience even for my parents who are in their early 50s. Overall, I do recommend you to go there. FYI: there aren't places there where you can refill your bottles with fresh water.
Nice glass decoration
The entrance fee was quite expensive, plenty parking space, have a few interesting activities for visitors to try with fees.
Beautiful collection of glass with outdoor display!!
This is a very lovely place. I really enjoy it! Especially all the outdoor display. Feels like being in a fairy tale story.
Reflections
The place itself is huge. We went before lunch and it was a good time because the sun was up. Being a glass museum, most of the art are made of glass and having the sun at its brightest made the art look even more amazing. It's nice to look at the reflections made. There are different signs in Korean, Japanese, and English. They also have shop where they sell little glass artwork. You can bargain with the sellers too. They're nice and friendly.
A pleasant stroll through unusual glass structures
I was staying last week at the Shilla in Seogwigpo, and this was just a short cab ride away. Despite the slight morning drizzle, it held the attention of my 20 year old son! There were enough wow moments - spider web, Jack's beanstalk, mushrooms, football, dinosaur eggs, slippers... all made of glass, of course. I'm sure they would have looked even more impressive at night with the lights on. The cafe was worth a stopover -- you must have the freshly squeezed tangerine juice there. The souvenir shop sells some nice pieces of glass jewelry and ornaments.
Mainly outdoor venue
The exhibits were pretty interesting actually but as mentioned in the title, it's a mainly outdoor venue! The glass sculptures look better in the day time or at night when the lights are on.. SO..! If the weather is not helpful, save it for another day! It's pretty far out, so if u are gonna go, do the O'sulluc tea museum and this together... Don't leave too late coz it's terribly difficult to get a cab, unless you have a pre-arranged driver. That said, the staff there really are very, very nice.. We were actually the last few patrons out and we were stranded without a cab, in the bloody freezing rain.. We had 3 ahjussis trying to help us call cabs and eventually one of em offered to drive us to the nearest bus stop instead coz no one was responding, and FYI the nearest bus stop is abt 10mins out too..
Its a huge place
This is a glass art theme park featuring an exhibition hall, garden and models all made entirely out of glass. These are six themed model parks jn which over 250 models are exhibited. These include glass qrt masterpieces by international famous artist from Italy, the Czech Republic, Japan and more.At least one hour explore the entire exhibitation garden. Visit at night as the place is well litted and less tourist.
exciting walk in the dark
we went in the evening and i must say it is really beautiful to see the glass sculptures lit up at nightnear the dinos, there's a forest walk... super exciting in the dark
Glass museum featuring smaller items
I am a resident of the Seattle metropolitan area so I have to compare it to the Chihuly Garden and Glass museum.  The Jeju Glass Castle is very different in concept as it also focuses on small to medium sized glass items.  Conversely, Chihuly Garden and Glass focuses on large scale items produced by Chihuly in small quantities.  That's not to say it was disappointing, but it wasn't that impressive in the sheer quality of the items.  However, you do get a very large variety of glass items from throughout the world so it does make it up in quantity.  Unlike the Chihuly museum, the glass castle is a very large complex.I did notice the museum seemed a little run down in a few areas - it really did seem it needs some upgrades to its infrastructure.  However, there is a maze, nicely manicured gardens, glass shoes, and a large variety of other takes on glass items.  There is also a nice trail to walk that showcases certain glass items as well.Perhaps the most interesting part of the museum is near the entrance.  You'll find a glass making room there with windows you can look through to see glass artisans at work.  It was quite interesting to see these people create glass items by sculpting it, putting it in the oven, and more.
Tickets from $7.50
glass world
Jeju Glass Castle is the famous place at Jeju. When I first went inside, I just like walk in an unreal place. Since the entire thing is made by glass. You can see glass everywhere, such as the flowers, the trees and the artworks.One of the special things in this castle is an artwork that calls “a moment of musical concert”, this artwork show that the moment of a band that is performing. The entire performers have different emotion and music instruments. It is very hard to do this, because each performer’s face is smaller than a coin.Here also have some funny place, such as Glass labyrinth and distorting mirror. Be careful, maybe you will lose in the labyrinth, or become a fat boy/girl in the distorting mirror.Finally, I suggest that you need to be very careful in this castle, if not you will break the glass.
Very pretty - glass sculptures everywhere.
At 10000 KRW/entry (+ discounts, if you know where to find the coupons) it can be a bit pricey for some.But I personally liked the place. It was just full of beautiful glass sculptures. Almost everything on display was glass. It required a certain amount of walking, but it was definitely worth it exploring the compound. There was even a short pathway through a mini "jungle" that had a Dinosaur theme to it. Weather that day wasn't too good and it drizzled quite a bit, making it a rather gloomy day to go about, but there were so many pretty, sparkly glass sculptures to see, so I felt that this trip was worth it. Only the area was more open-space with very little cover, so we had to stay indoors for a bit.
Sparkle!
We visited on a dull wet day but even then there was plenty of sparking glass to see.  Everything you can imagine made of glass.  I loved the mushrooms and pumpkins and some of the weirder sculptures.  On a sunny day it must be even better.  Great place to take kids and, except for woodland walk it is all accessible for people with walking problems.There are examples from different parts of the world and you can watch craftsmen making things - and even book an experience to try it yourself.
The Glass Museum
For only $10 (10,000 KW) you can spend an afternoon wandering around a carefully manicured small park that exhibits outdoor glass work. As you walk in there is a place to watch professional glass blowers blow bottles in the traditional way, and if you are taking a school group there, the kids can have ago at making something, and then return the next day to pick up their handiwork. After that you follow the path around the exhibits until you get to the other end.In this mainly outdoor museum, there are glass plants, flowers, and an eclectic collection of glass made curiosities that make a very pleasant way to spend a couple of hours. There is a small cafe in the middle of the exhibition, and the gift shop just before you exit. The bathrooms are at the entrance exit, so go before you start!
fairytale land
it memorable experience in my life, seeing things all made from glass, and get to see glass roses, glass the ring,cinderella shoes, and carriage.. a special moment in my life
Better at night
It is interesting place. There are nice garden from glass. But I think it would be better if you visit at night so the color of glass can shine more. It would be nicer.
Pretty Cool Place!
This might not be for everyone, though if you like stained glass you'll love this place! Lots of stained glass and other glass art. Very pretty and playful.
Worth visiting
Very nice place to visit with kids. Many nice background for photos too ;) i would recommend this place for visiting.
Excellent place for picture taking!
Excellent place for picture taking. People who loves picture taking will enjoy here. I love the effects of each glass/sculpture/exhibit
Just ok
It is a park consist of many statue and also plantation made from glass. Yes. Glass. Also museum where we can learn the making process. It is quite nice as this is my first time but I don't think will revisit.
Tickets from $7.50
Good to visit once.
We went here on our way to south jeju.It was a nice place where we can see the various art forms possible with glass.A sculpture of a horse made with glass was displayed, which was really looking cool...
Lovely place for walking around & taking photos. 😍
My 6 year-old girl loves this place sooo much. We enjoyed walking around & taking photos of all the cute things. Too bad, we didn't have enough time for the activities like glass painting, glass blowing. (We spent around 30 mins walking around the place.)
Interesting place to visit if you like taking photos
Happened to pass by & decided to visit. It's my most expensive entry (so far I only paid between KRW2000-3000) at KRW10000 (adult) KRW9000 (senior citizen). The route is entirely guided. While it's generally relaxing to look the various glass artifacts, there's little much to do except for taking pictures. I won't recommend coming here unless you have nothing better to do which is not likely.
Better than Corning's
I must to see in Jeju.  Its exhibits are better than the corning's glass factory in New York.Excellent place for picture taking.
Great place to see
The glass castle had a lot of decorated with many glass and led lighting. Nice place for couples and family.
Okay......
Was on the list of coach tour, so no choice. Great if you like that sort of thing. Boring, if not! You can always purchase your usual holiday tack at the end.
Good for photo
A park with glass everywhere, you can take many colorful photos!Hard to see the blue sky in winter and this is one of the best place for photo during our trip.
Interesting glass sculptures but give it a miss if you do not have much time
The sculptures are interesting but Im not sure its worth my time visiting it. Can give it a miss if you are short of time.
Nothing spectacular or amazing
Experience⭐⭐⭐Price⭐⭐⭐The Glass Castle is highly recommended for glass artefacts enthusiasts, so definitely not recommended for families with children. Extremely boring except for the mirror maze, an extremely small maze reminiscent of the one at the Trick Eye Museum. Only if you're trying to kill time or collect false eyes as a hobby.
Nothing impressive
We went there by taxi from O'Sulloc Tea Museum. It's interesting when the displays are made of glass but nothing impressive. The entrance fee costs 9000 won but my friend and I got a discount thanks to the taxi driver uncle, and we end up paying 7000 won each.. The displays are mostly outside. On the 2nd floor, there is a gift shop..you can buy some gifts there and the cost is acceptable for some (e.g. accessories, keychain, etc) certain products (e.g. glass displays) are more expensive. It was raining when we visited the museum, but we just went around the museum and took some pictures. It is good to visit once but not more than that.
Tickets from $7.50
Nothing impressive
Yes, 80% of the stuffs are made of glass, minus the buildings, the trees, etc. Basically its a small garden of glass. Visit only if you have no other itinerary.I went because it was on the itinerary of my package tour.
Not very interesting
I went to the place as my friend suggested that we should visit it. The place is beautifully decorated but it looks very artificial to me. The admission fee is quite costly. It's ok to visit if you really have nothing else to do.
Unique castle made by glass
Glass everywhere, but nothing special. Only to pay it a visit if you have extra time. The admission fees around 9,000 Won (~USD8)
Not worth the admission fee
Went on a Friday afternoon at the suggestion of our hired taxi driver even though it was not in our planned itinerary as we happened to be in the area for lunch. There was no other visitor in there other then my friend and I. For 9000 won, there are many other attractions in Jeju to see. The place is small and just filled with colourful glass exhibits and decorations... we completed visiting in less than half an hour as it is a very small place.
Not so impressive
The entry tickets is too costly for what are displayed in the castle. I was not so impressive with the whole land.
All glass, nothing much that attract you.
Not so good as all is make of glass. All in korean, nothing much to see. walk out of the castle within 1 hour. (quite a waste of money, dun go unless really got a lot of spare time)
Nothing interesting
Boring place. Just a few of the glass designs were interesting enough .. Others - nothing special. I do not recommend this
Pleasantly surprised.
Visited Jeju Glass Castle on our second trip to the island visiting our son and daughter in law and our first grandchild. This attraction was not what I was expecting, it was very imaginative and well laid out, all displays were of glass, of course, some very talented glass blowers. Well worth a visit.
Colourful glasses!
This place is just so amazing! All the displaying items were made by glass, the butterfly, the chairs, benches, pumpkin car, etc..... Not just clear colour and its colourful! I think they have done the check frequently because I can't find any defects, broken part from the displaying items. Best visit for lovers, family with elderly or kids...
The Best Photos can be taken here
This was one of the nicest places I had "paid" to visit in Jeju and you may ask why, when all they have is glass?I love Glass Blowing and my main reason was to make something that I can take back, unfortunately you cant collect what you make until the next day, so I had to skip this.However with a Blue Sky Day the of colors of the glass and the designs, gave me some of the best photos I have of us as a couple.
Tickets from $7.50
Nice
Went in the day, weather not so good as it was raining. But a nice place to visit. If night i tink more nicer
Glass everywhere
There are a few places great for pics. although i should remind you that most of its exhibitions are in an open area like a park, so if you go here when the temperature is rather low, it is coldddd.
Perfect for photos
I was a little worried after reading some reviews but after going i am pleasantly surprised.  The entrance fee is a little high at 11000 won for an adult and if i had kids i might be worried they would get bored.  Seems perfect for couples and people who like taking pictures.  If you take your time and dont rush you can do the whole place in am hour.  Lots to look at.  Worth a stop.  Bonus...if your name is yoori you get free entrance and a free gift
Not bad
It's all about glass, place for pictures. But do not try their macaron ice cream please. Taste awful and hard. I believed it's been a while no one buy not fresh at all. Yucky. But overall we enjoy picture everywhere.
glasses
you can skip it unless you really love glasses. the entrance fee is quite pricey for the content. we took quite fast to finish the exhibitions, there's indoors and outdoors, one with a punmpkin like carriage for Cinderella. there's also a park where glasses are scattered around purposefully. I like the quietness of the park rather than finding where are the glasses.
Not worth the entrance fee at all
We felt a little cheated cause the castle wasn't so much of a castle. More like a small park and it was pricey for the entrance and there wasn't much to see at all. Realised that there are plenty of museums like these to cheat tourist money in Jeju so be selective on which ones you plan to visit. This is definitely not one of them that you should go.
Glass Glass Everywhere
When we arrived at Jeju, we took a taxi to Jejueco and left our luggage with time since check-in time was in the afternoon. From Jejueco we took a cab down to Glass Castle and managed to reach there before 5pm.As its name suggests, the Glass Castle is a glass art theme park that consists of an exhibition hall and garden with everything made out entirely out of glass! All in all, there are 6 themed model parks with over 250 models exhibited: they include the world’s largest glass ball and largest glass diamond, a glass stonewall, a mirror lake, and a glass bridge etc...The exhibition was definitely a breathtaking sight to behold: glass displays made of all kinds of shapes and sizes! We couldn't help but be amazed and ended up taking - pictures of all the art pieces. For more on the experience and photos, please check out my blog: http://www.travelbytez.com/2015/02/glass-castle-jeju.html
Not To Be Missed...For All Ages
"Jeju Glass Castle" is a glass art theme park featuring an exhibition hall,garden and models all made entirely out of glass. These includes glass art masterpieces by international famous artists from Italy,The Czech Republic,Japan and many more. This theme park suitable for all ages. Very cold due to winter season,do put on more wear as you need to walk round the outdoor.
Must see Museum
Jeju Glass Castle is a must see museum. It has outdoor which can be seen with in 2 hours & indoor as well. There are a lot of glass shapes. This museum is good for people in all ages, Photographers and videographer. The entrance ticket is little bit expensive.
I can stop taking photos 😆
There's an entrance fee, that's one 😆. It's very far away from where we stayed (Gujwa-eup), that's two 😲. Transportation is quite a pain.... when you stay outside the city area 😞...we had to hire a cab everytime we go out and see places, although, they were very kind enough to ask and offer to wait for us until we finished our tour.I think the place is great for kids and teenagers and those who love modern art and colors. It's quite a huge place with lots of interesting collections... just follow the trails so you won't miss any of the displays. At the end of it, there is a shop wherein you can buy some souvenirs...i find it quite expensive though. 😃
Tickets from $7.50
When we have a summer vacation in Jeju, it was one of must see.
When we have a summer vacation in Jeju, it was one of must see.  If you want to visit, visit when it is magic hour (golden hour). The sky makes perfect blue color. It was very good place especially for children. They had experience in making necklace with glass. The sculptures in the Glass Castle were beautiful.  Visit with children. It is good place for children.
Zzz
Kids may enjoy posing with Cinderella's carriage & shoe collection and running around the grounds.  As I was not however, although a few glass sculptures were interesting, I did not think it was worth the time or effort (& of course the entrance fee) to go.  Agree with the comments of previous reviewers who rated "poor".  The  fish lunch I had at the restaurant next door however, was enjoyable. On the plus side, the place is wheelchair accessible.
good sources for kids and some adults
you learn how the Glass were made, and many art of Glass from around the world. you can also have a chances to learn to make a DIY glass... :) great place to go for . you will need to buy a ticket entry.
A myraid of colourful glass decorations
A pretty large castle with grounds littered with many colourful glass decorations of animals etc. If you take a walk into the garden, you will also find colourful glass figurines of insects and animals nicely arranged in the park to create a fairy-tale like experience for the kids.
Thanks DPauls
It was just perfect vacation for me & my friends. We always dream of cruises holidays amnd just had a blast on superstar gemini cruise. Hair and beauty treatment was the first thingwe went for. it was just awesome,. they made us feel us like superstars. One my friend spent all her time in the casino. Rooms were so comfy and i enjoed the food at every restaurant. busan and jeju are beautiful places and i wish to go there again!
Glass Castle
Entrance Fee is 8,000KRW but our driver manage to get some discount for us.The idea is creative and brilliant. Everything is made of glass and its really beautiful. You can't stop but keep taking photos in every part of the place.
Jeju Glass Castle
A group of us, 22 in number, visited South Korea from 13- 20 April, 2014.  One of the highlights of our visit was to Jeju Glass Castle. We went to the Glass Castle on 15 Apri;, 2014.  Glass is a common item we use daily.  But there in the Glass castle, they have made beauty out of something ordinary to something beautiful, works of art actually.  However, many tourists were not aware that there is a trail going round the Castle where you can see more sculptures placed along the trail.  A prominent signpost placed at the entrance to the trail will be helpful.  i am glad my friends and I didn't miss this trail.  To make sure it is not slippery during rainny season, the managements have placed gunny sacks along the trail.  This helps greatly for many of us.So if you are in Jeju, don't miss Jejeu Glass Castle.
Pretty !
It´s a must go place!!!!!!!!!!!!!!You can´t help but buy souvenirs at the end of the visit! So pretty!
Great Visit
Glass Castle at Jeju is nice!!! With indoor and outdoor exhibit, the time spent is worth it. All that made of glass is well made and look so real. Best for photo taking.
You will see some art of glass
If you want to see something colorful glass art work, you don't want to miss this spot. There are many nice glass art sculpture all around the park. Good chance to take a memorable picture in there.
Tickets from $7.50
All about glass castle
there are many kinds of artworks such as glass flowers,trees,music instrument,toilet,etcworld artist from japan,usa,italy, their works displayed.you can make something like glass cup if you want.it will be memorable while you are in jeju.
Colourful Glass Art Museum
Indoor and outdoor exhibits that are very colourful and unique. A mixture of local and foreign art glass sculptures and somewhat of a love theme surrounding the exhibits. Loved it..
Glass..remind me of Cinderella glass shoe!
Fascinating glass art,nice for photographing,but too bad I went was a cloudy rainy day..entrance ticket is 8000Won for adult and 5000Won for children.
An underwhelming exhibit
Reading some previous reviews for this place, I was rather puzzled how this place could be rated 3 or more stars by others. It has a number of different glass creations presented in a museum-like setting. Quite a few of these items were from Italy, Venetian glass. There are a lot nicer ones in Venice. Also, they have quite limited displays and very few look special to us. We managed to see all displays in about 20 minutes! Overall, we were completely underwhelmed by this place. If you are interested taking photos, there are opportunities for some nice photos. For others, there is nothing to learn and experience anything new here. There are other nicer museums or sights to see in Jeju, so this can be safely avoided.
Very glassy
It's good for what it is.  Some people have been calling this place a glass museum - it's not.  It's a theme park for glass.  I say theme park, but if you're thinking rides then you're wrong.  What they do have is lots of things made out of glass to see.  It's pretty and often colourful.  My female partner enjoyed it more than I did, and there's nothing there that would make me want to go back.  I think children might get a little bored by the place, although girls would probably enjoy it more.  As far as adults are concerned, if you think it sounds like a place you'd enjoy, then you probably would.  But if you think it sounds kinda boring then you wouldn't enjoy it.
Unique attraction
A unique theme park to visit. Just love the colorful displays of glass.  This theme park has an outdoor and indoor displays of everything made in glass.  What really caught my attention was the many shoes made in glass (for Cinderella). They are just so beautiful, makes me remember the Cinderella story all over again! Indoor displays are the many works of art made in glasses, so eye-pleasing too!.  They have workshops where you can make your own piece of glass art. Kids are welcome to join the workshops too.
Unique concepts
The park has 2 parts..indoor and outdoor.It just like walking around a garden that full with glass sculpture. Nice view. Worth a visit.
Nice theme park
Love the theme park.  It has exhibits of glass sculptures indoor and outdoor. The whole place is so colourful. You can enjoy all the glass work in this beautiful theme park.
Big fan of a theme park
One of the best location that i went to while i was in Jeju. Highly recommended for theme park lovers and those with kiddy heart hehe. I love Jeju so much for the uniqueness of this castle. Fancy, colourful and happy place to be!
Pretty, if a little dated
There are outdoor and indoor exhibits of glass sculptures and trinkets. There's a princessy area with giant diamond rings, a Cinderella glass carriage, showcase of glass slippers, etc. The girls liked this place. The adults found it boring. And overall, the place feels dated. Go only if you have young girls who might like the pretty glass exhibits.
Tickets from $7.50
Overpriced with Little to Do
We went to the Glass Castle in spite of the 9000 Won entry fee simply because of all the hassle we had gone through to get there. Inside, it was really nothing more than a glass art museum, and a relatively small one at that. Admittedly, there were some very creative works of art, but there was a lot that wasn't that impressive as well. Over half of it is outside so, if you are there on a rainy day like we were, that will kill the experience even more. If you have young children forget it, there is almost nothing for them to do without spending additional money for them to make a glass craft. The crafts are neat but spendy. At the end of the museum, there is a gift store that, in my opinion, was really the only good reason to come here. Lots of cool trinkets to get for gifts and souvenirs - of special note are the hand painted, hollow, personalizeable, crystal balls. If you are up to the trip and willing to pay the cash to look at glass art go for it. Otherwise, there are other more interesting things around to do.
Nice, Creative Glass Theme Park.
After the Jeju Love Land, w/c is a X rated (for adults) theme park. Funny, unique, it's a theme park that you will never find in any other country... This is a must visit, if u wanna hve a fun, funny Xperience!Glass castle are full of creative art works made of Glass.. Good for picture taking... Colorful, artistic, imaginative pieces of art. You'll also find here the Glass Shoes of Cinderella & their carousel.
Not authentic
This is just a regular museum with a small collection of glass from different parts of the world. It is far away from everything and not worth the trip. I would skip it.
Average
Displays of glass, very touristy, not too impressive. Far out in the country. There was one point where we got to see a man blowing glass which wad quite cool, but other than that it very much like an ordinary glass museum.
Come here only with kids
It's a place for you to take picture. Kids will enjoy at here too but It's boring for me. My advice is skip this if you are not traveling with kids.
Boring
Doesnt seem to have a point to it. Jeju has so much to offer - skip this and go for nature spots like Phoenix Island instead!
Kitsch Central
If you like small tasteless theme parks you will love this: mirror mazes, glass lilies in ponds, large mosaic teddy bear and a chance to make your own stuff too. The 9,000 won entry fee includes the fee to make something - and that price is VERY expensive for Jeju. It is also mostly outside so do not bother in bad weather. In fact, I would not bother at all.
Very Interesting
The Glass Castle offers many interesting pieces of art for one to view, I recommend this destination to anyone visiting Jeju.
Artistic & Fun
One of the interesting tourist object in Jeju Island. But I don't understand why they call castle which for me it's a park with many kind of glasses art.  Anyway it's fun &  we can pretend like in wonderland.
Colourful place to visit.
There are many glass exhibits in this park with indoor and outdoor sections. There is a myriad of colours once you step inside and it is sure to lift your mood. It is recommended for families and couples as there are many chances for memorable photos. You can try out glass blowing if you have the time and willing to pay.
Tickets from $7.50
