Fun
I though this show was good but expensive.  It has lots of energetic routines and was fun but I wouldn't choose to see it again
Exciting
This is my second time I see this Nanta Show. The first time was in Seoul couples of years ago. Each time it never failed to amaze me. Very exciting and energetic show played by 5 showmasters. Located at Nanta Theatre about 10 kilometers away from Jeju City. Entrance fee normally 50,000 won but we managed to get only 30,000 won through our friend. Thanks to him. Really recommended.
High-energy and hilarious
In previous trips to Seoul, i had passed by the theatre in Myeongdong many times but never thought of seeing the show.Then a friend who saw it recommended it highly.And I'm glad I did.It was very entertaining and tge skills on show were awesome. I doubt if anyone in the crowd did not have a good time.The performers interacted well with the audience and the lucky patrons who were chosen to participate looked like they thoroughly enjoyed themselves.Tickets are reasonably priced and there are often discounts to be had if you look hard.Treat yourself to this if you get the chance.The show has been to more than 50 countries around the world.
Lots of laughs!
My cousins and I went traveling through South Korea and while we were on Jeju Island and we decided to go see Nanta! I had bought tickets 2 weeks prior to our trip from TripAdvisor. It looked like a great way to experience the culture and have a few good laughs. Also, since my cousins and I do not speak Korean, we could not understand the dialogue, which makes Nanta great for foreigners because there are not too many speaking moments. Nonetheless, the actors do a great job at acting out the story and we could easily follow along. My cousin also got chosen to go up on stage for a small segment and they were very friendly. The show itself was very entertaining and I found myself laughing A LOT! The actors are very talented and do all kinds of crazy tricks, which is great for all ages to witness.This wasn't a typical tourist attraction, as I felt the majority of the audience were Koreans but we felt welcome by all.
Refresh with clean air and bright stars
Pleasure to review with great place to stay.It's not in town city but clean air and bright stars are great to view.Also, clear and calm place to stay with your spouse.I recommend you to stay here if you have a car. Far from airport.
Best show ever!
This is the best show I've watched! We had front row seats and laughed out hearts out. The performance of Team Orange is superb and the energy displayed by each team member was just amazing. Nanta cooking show is a non-verbal show set around the kitchen. Actors use common cooking utensils as musical instruments and the creativity is just amazing. A very highly recommended show.
Must watch!
This is one of the best shows i have ever watched! My family and I enjoyed the show so much. I think its really worth the time and money spent! My 5 yr old daughter was laughing non stop and was totally engaged by the performance! We paid for the vip seats and it was money well spent. Book online to enjoy discounts.The actors really put in alot of effort to actively engage the audience by getting us to participate such that it is interactive! I can see why it is the most well received show in South korea. This show is a must watch!
Excellent Show!
Excellent show! Very attractive! Very beautiful lady chef! Quite hard to reach this place, so i recommended to use taxi. And also for going home you can ask for booking taxi via Nanta Hotel. The staff are very nice. Ticket class only for seating area, and fortune to join the show.
Excellent Show!
The show is very entertaining and the performers are professional. There's some audience participation and it's nice. The theater seats are comfy, just relax and enjoy this entertaining show. Good show!
Book your tickets online and enjoy
It was a pleasant surprise, for every day show it was very professional and very entertaining. As many people mentioned the place is on the middle of nowhere, we just took a taxi to go there from Jeju city was about 10000 KRW and after went to Nanta hotel and asked them to call us a taxi, was there in few minutes, so no problem at all.Tickets better to book online one day in advance, this case you can get 5000 KRW discount and seasonal discounts. As we wanted to go the same, we went directly there, but at the place there's no discounts or bargains, all prices are fixed, so better book on your own.
Fun Time!
Slapstick, cheesy humour so just relax into it and join in the fun of the show. It's entertaining as the predictable story unfolds - beware, there is a little bit of audience participation - just go with it! The performers are professional and their drumming is excellent. The story is told with very few words but is very easy to follow. There are strobe lights at one point. The theatre is out in the middle of nowhere so eat before going or book into the NANTA hotel next door to eat. The planetarium is across the road so you could go to an early NANTA performance the on to do some star gazing.
Good Fun!!
We took VIP tickets from Jungmun Tourist centre  at 50 percent off. The show is very entertaining and involves lots of interaction with the crowd. The place is a bit far away and close to Jeju university. If you are going for 8:00pm show booking a taxi is recommended. The show is value for money for the deal we got from the tourist office. Apparently there is a rush pass which is available for discounts on shows for the same day.
Laughed Our Hearts Out
We love Jeju and we loved Nanta!  The theatre in Jeju is spacious as i think compared to other Nanta Theatre.  This is a must show for everybody who visit Jeju!  Here is some dos & dont's when you plan watching NantaDo's1.  Please be on time as it really starts on time.  2.  Arrive 10 to 15 minutes ahead of the show performance.3.  Go to the toilet before the show starts 'coz you need to be focused during the show.4.  Hire a car since the location is a little bit far from the city centre. Allocate 30mins or so for travelling time not unless you are staying at Nanta Hotel.5.  Do choose good seats.  You can sign up from their website to avail discounts for shows.6.  Do search for Nanta Hotel in the GPS or Starlight World Park instead of Nanta Theatre.  Do not attempt to input the number if you are unsure.  Dont's1.  Do not, i repeat DO NOT use the google address mentioned for Nanta Theatre otherwise you will be lost! (It happens to us so don't be a victim)2. Do not refer to Nanta Theatre's contact number from the Visit Korea site as it is wrong.  The picture is wrong but when we checked with the Nanta Hotel, the address is correct.Address:  56-26, Seondolmokdong-gil, Jeju-si, Jeju-do제주특별자치도 제주시 선돌목동길 56-26 (오등동)I cannot think of anything else but do enjoy the show! This is a fantastic mix of traditional korean drum techniques and a great and funny non-verbal script!
Wonderfully entertaining
Good show for young and old. No need any knowledge of Korean. Theater is located in the middle of nowhere so make sure you have your meals before going. There is a convenient shop (GS25) in the hotel nearby but limited food selection. There is also a restaurant within the hotel but only opens at 7pm (our show was 8pm) when we were there. Be punctual, the show starts on time.
Greatperformance with terrible service
For everyone's information, Nanta theater in Jeju just moved to middle of nowhere, without bus lines nor taxi around. It became a spot only for group tourist.The performance was perfect. But after the performance, when we asked the theater staff for help. The two girls refused to call a taxi for us and asked us to take the bus which we later found out didn't exist. It was cold winter and I asked for permission to stay inside when I call for taxi, they insist we go out and lied to us about the bus.Luckily there's also a newly built Nanta hotel around. The hotel staff drove us to nearest town and helped us get a taxi.So, 5 star for Nanta hotel service and 0 for Nanta theatre staff.
daebak!!!!!
the best theater ever!!!!...it's full with fun, funny, comical, martial art, music, etc.....just like they said, it a combination of every little thing that u like...suitable for the whole family!!!
Interactive show. A must to do in Jeju
The show was hillarious and interactive. It is so entertaining. You don't need to know korean to watch this show. Mixed between acrobatic, dance, comedy and music
A MUST!! Either in Jeju or anywhere else. NANTA is a MUST WATCH!! Book ahead online for discounts.
I thoroughly enjoyed myself. It was so entertaining and fun to watch. Definitely worth going to see!! Ours was the blue team. I booked and paid direct from their website. It was very simple. Just sign up for a membership, pick the theatre, the date, time and the type of discount. Please read-up on their terms and conditions for each discount. Payment was done via credit card. I managed to get my VIP tickets for 45000KRW each and sat at D17, 18. The seats were just nice, not too far and not too close. Although maybe E would've been a better bet. Different locations have different discounts and it varies according to the different months, so just check out their website.Jeju NANTA theatre is a bit run down and the toilet wasn't very well-kept... Also, be prepared to be surrounded by bus loads of tourists from China (as with most tourist spots in Jeju.... )
Recommended show
Very entertaining and funny. They perform with body language so we can understand the story easily. Recommended and must see when you visit Jeju.
VERY entertaining
I visited with a large group of teenage girls and we ALL loved it :) The performers were funny and because it is action there is no problem with not understanding this Korean show.
Definitely Recommend!
This is a must see! An awesome show in Jeju that is very popular around the world. It has Korean culture involved which makes it even cooler. Hardly any talking but you can totally understand the story throughout the entire show! This show had my attention the entire time! Don't want to give to much info to ruin the surprise but I would definitely recommend this if you visit Jeju. 😍
Good Show for the family
This show is highly recommended as it showcases the traditional beat and a fun show which can be enjoyed by the entire family. A shuttle service can be arranged at the ticket office after the show for only 1000KRW. There's a nearby park which you can visit before the show.
Never a Dull Moment!
We caught the Nanta show in Jeju and it was such a fun night for the family. It is a combination of comedy, musical, martial art and drums. Though a Korean production with a Korean context but the storyline was kept simple and easy to understand. For a show that ran an hour and a half long, the performers were really awesome with great stamina! They kept their energy high up until the end, without missing a beat. Nanta is also known for its audience participation and without giving the plot away, this was done with a delightful, surprising twist. One that you should experience yourself if you ever get the chance to catch the show.
The longest running show in Korea
Not a bad place to spend your time at Jeju. Although there are 3 theatres  in whole Korea. Therefore if u didn't manage to went to another 2 theatres. This is a must.
Not bad for family
The theater looks pretty old and small compared to other famous theaters in NY. Some fun for adults and children for family visitors.
Entertaining!!
This show is Amazing...I don't feel bored or sleepy on the entire show. Enjoy every minute of it and can't stop laughing by their performance. The characters are funny without talking and the story is simple yet truly entertaining. They are interactive and skillful. This show is highly recommended when you go to Korea! But, don't use the toilet it was horrible when I visited this place.
Must see
Very well performance. Very entertaining. The best attraction in Jeju for me. You wont regret it.They say that there is also a theater in Seoul, but i cant compare it
Great Performance
My family and I watched this show only knowing it is a non-verbal performance and wow! It was pretty good! I think little kids to the elderly will enjoy the performance for it is wacky, straightforward and attention grabbing. Would recommend to anyone and everyone.
Great!
It's a great show and worth to have a visit if you are going to Korea! The show is very interesting and you may have many chances to interact with the actors if you are sitting nearest with the stage like me. Great & awesome show!
See it once
Nanta is like the korean Pride nonverbal performances. It's fun and defiantly great if you have kids. It's not the best nonverbal performance out there, but Jeju has regular showings and the tickets aren't the pricey.
Great show
The ticket is a bit pricey, but worth the show you get. Entertaining, funny and universally understood.
Really good, engaging but a little pricey
Get the VIP seatings as a 10,000WON (10 USD) is well worth it.Engaging and entertaining, but priced a little too steep for the "random sound making" performance.(: However, do still recommend and definitely added smiles and laughter to the trip!
Could have been a better experience
I have quite mixed feelings about the NANTA show, but the criticism is not with the show itself but with the overall experience. This review is for the show in Jeju-do.Positives:It was very easy to book tickets on line even from abroad. Once you create an account and log in, you are able to see ticket availability, choose your seats and pay for them. An online confirmation serves as your ticket until you turn up at the theatre on the day and get physical tickets. They send you a reminder via email before the show, and you can cancel up to a day before the show.The show is very funny and our whole family laughed a lot.My dad commented that the seats are more comfortable than the theatre seats in London.There is a parking lot if you are driving in.Negatives:The location in Jeju-si means that if you are staying in Seogwipo-si (as we were) then it takes over an hour to get to the theatre. And over an hour to get back home to your hotel after that.The show is catered to tourists as it doesn't use any Korean language to communicate its humour. As such, you will be surrounded by people who talk throughout the show. There's nothing you can do about this, they are really having a fun time, but you need to be aware about it. Or you can just join in and make loud comments too.There are no catering facilities at the venue so if you are driving in you need to think about where you are eating before or after the show. Fortunately just opposite the car park, across the road, there is a row of restaurants - just pick the one that you like.The toilets were filthy on the day we visited, and this was even before the show started. Since we were there for the early session at 5pm, I just don't know how the toilets can be be in such a disgusting state, unless they were not cleaned from the night before.Finally:If you are visiting Seoul, you can watch the NANTA show there too at several locations in the city. That might be a better option if you are not staying in Jeju-si itself, as the driving was just too tiring from Seogwipo-si.
대박
Very awesome and funny hahahahaha!!!! Can't stop laughing becauae of this show. Once again it is very amazing!!!! Spectacular!!!
Amazing
The story lines are the same, but the performers changed since my last visit in March 2013. However, I really enjoyed this show again! Heard that NANTA Jeju is better than the one shown in Seoul but I cannot justify that.
Good fun
Saw the show with a group of friends, one of whom was selected for the audience participation segment.  This increased the enjoyment for us, but the show was entertaining anyway even for non-Korean speaking people.
Funny and have a good laugh
Worth spending the money and time to have a good laugh. Even the kids were laughing loudly. Not much talking but many actions. They speak good English so not a problem to understand.I was even being selected to go on the stage to perform with them!! Unforgettable!
Entertaining & worth the $$
The team who entertained us were the yellow team. I was thoroughly entertained by them. They were able to engage with the crowd.
Interactive and Fun
This is a fun and interactive show that would be great for families with members of all ages.The VIP seats are more expensive, but you have the chance of being picked to participate in segments of the show. If this is not important to you, choose the regular seats as the theater is not very large anyway. You can get a 5,000 won discount if you reserve tickets through YEHA Tours. Then pick up the tickets on the day of the show.Instead of an intermission in the middle, a cast member does some interactive clapping and stomping with the audience.The City Hall downtown area is a 15-minute walk away from the theater. You can find restaurants and shops there.
Family Fun Awaits
This is arguably the longest running South Korean LIVE show ever!  Now, it is branching out to other popular tourist destinations such as Jeju Island.  You needn't understand Korean language to appreciate the show, which is leaning more towards physical action and slapstick comedy based on timing.  It revolves around cooking.  Nanta show is leaning heavily towards satisfying tour groups and the day I was there, two thirds of the theatre was filled up by tourists that came in bus loads.  Nanta is interactive too, with occasional involvement with the audience.  Children thoroughly enjoyed the show.  It was pure 90 minutes of unadulterated fun and enjoyment.  In terms of price, you can get cheaper price booked through YEHA website.  Commendable fun:)
Worth watching
We paid for the VIP seats, KW10,000 more than the standard seats. When we entered, noticed that VIP seats were in red right in the centre of stage, while standard seats were on both left n right sides of the VIP seats. Worth paying the extra to be at the centre. They also choose guest from the VIP seats for participation on the stage. Show was hilarious, enjoyed by both young and old. Even my 4 year old child was laughing all the way to the end. It lasted 100 mins, try to catch evening show instead of night show during winter a the hall would be freezing at night.If you have not seen this, include this show in either Jeju or Seoul.
Good entertainment for family
We were glad we could catch this show in Jeju as time in Seoul were simply too precious for shopping. It's funny and you don't need to understand Korean to enjoy it. All 3 of us including our 4 yr old enjoyed it. It' a plus to have that cute lady in the show as well. Show time is 90 mins but not a dull moment. We got our taxi guide to reserve the tickets on the same day and only manage to get the VIP seats at w60k each. It would be better if you can reserve the ticket days in advance.
A must see show
A fantastic show a must see in Jeju. Lots of laughs and you don't need to understand Korean. We brought our tickets at the show, which was full by the time of opening. They were very talneted actors. The show has been done in numerous countries around the world
Amazing performance!
It make us so excited! We love it and hope to see it next time! It is the most fantastic show I have ever seen!!!
Great Show
it's a value for money show, the performers were áll out' during the show, u can feel their passion & fun, not be missed
Fun Show
As the only show in Jeju (while in Seoul have 3 theatre) so always full. Interesting, Fun & a Must see Show.
Not worth it
Performance was mediocre and unprofessional, did not meet up to expectation. Theatre is small and unimpressive. Also, no food and drinks were allowed in the theatre when the show is during dinner time.
Must See
Nanta Show was like a famous tourist attraction. I decided to see it while in Jeju since there was nothing much in Jeju anyway. The theatre wassmall but cosy. I seconded the previous review that 80-90% are all China tourists - They were noisy and some even tried to leave before the 90-min show ended. But we were here for the show so please yourself as the show was really entertaining.
Nanta
Theatre is small.  No much spectator interraction. 90% of the audience were from mainland China and we felt like we were in a China Theatre as they speak very loudly.
