Here’s the 411 on what to expect
In my opinion, I’ve been to probably a dozen saunas/jimjilbangs in Korea, so I think I have a decent base to compare this place up against. It doesn’t deserve to be a special tourist destination. Pros: it’s clean. Workers are friendly enough (at least compared to Seoul/mainland). They also have large size clothing (at some jimjilbangs they’ve given me mens clothing!) and the shirt had slight stretch. The shorts were the typical hideous length, you know the kind that stop right at the thickest part of your leg. Cons: they nickel and dime everything. When I went they said it was ₩7,000 but then they wanted another ₩3,000. I wanted a massage and I didn’t want to do the jimjilbang. I just wanted to go to the sauna and soak in the tubs and get a massage. The worker said they only did massages in the jimjilbang area, so I had to rent the clothes too. I go down and they did have massages in the sauna, but it was more than a two hour wait!!! There are two cold tubs, two hot, to medium, and 2-3 steam and dry saunas. I had to wait for a shower. Of course I was cut in line while waiting for a shower, but that’s just typical to Korea, not this place in particular. The showers only have plain bar soap. No shampoo, body wash, or conditioner. I went down to the basement area where there was a separate massage area, but nobody was there and no workers came to assist me when I just stood there obviously waiting.The cherry on top is when I gave up and went to blow dry my hair, they charge 100 won for two minutes. That means I’d have to pay about $2usd to dry my hair as it’s long and takes forever. I only had one coin, so I was able to blow dry my hair approximately 10% dry. I had to walk 30 minutes back to my hotel in the freezing cold and wind. I’m 100% sure I’ll be waking up sick tomorrow. Conclusion: I guess it’s ok if you’re in desperate need of a place to sleep. Bring coins and go early if you plan on getting any body work done in the scrubbing area.
Peaceful soaking
We got rained out on our trip to Jeju and decided to hit the spa. It's Korean style Jimjilbang, so be aware it's not like a Western spa. You can still get a massage if you want, but the highlight is soaking in the various pools of many temperatures. Apparently, you can sleep there for cheap too if you need a quick crash pad. Read more at by blog: Gallivantrix dot com.
Good place to experience Korea spa culture
There are lockers for you to keep your bags in. You have to change and shower in the gender-designated shower areas before you put your spa outfits (shorts and a shirt) on and head to the sauna area (where both men and women are). Try the steam and sauna rooms for a good sweat (you can bring your phones in if you want to listen to music). Be prepared for crowds of tourist though as this seems to be a popular stop for large tour groups.
Cheap overnight stay
If you just wan to spend for few hours while waiting for your flight. Here the good place. Entrance 8,000KRW.  A small area block up for your big luggage, you will have locker for your shoe. Once you enter inside, you will find a long locker to store your belonging. It can fit in a small backpack.  Take a spa relax and rejuvenate before go for rest room. There are a lot ppl go there for overnight stay even it is weekday, perhaps just their culture. The living hall area and sleep place, rather to say it's hot, I will say is steaming. If you kind of person can't stay for hot, this might not be a good place to sleep for you, unless you are very tired. You can take blanket from the counter you pay for your entrance fee. Where the pillow just look it from any empty room
This is a place to have a good sweat, a long soak, and an intensive scrub.
If you've never been to a Korean public bath, then there are some things you should know. First, go in and pay - currently it's 6000 Won for the baths (segregated by gender) and 8000 Won for both the bathes and the "jimjilbang" (which is a unisex area filled with different hot rooms to enjoy a sweat lodge style experience). You can stay as long as you want, and even sleep there. I would never suggest doing so, however, since, even though this is a standard option for most Korean baths, and they are arguably the cheapest place to sleep in Korea, they are also loud, sometimes crowded, and generally pretty damned uncomfortable for sleeping. You will be given a set of shorts and a shirt. If you are large like me you can expect to have to cram yourself into them. Use the key provided to find a locker in your respective undressing area. Don't worry, even though it doesn't seem like you should be naked in this area, it's okay.From here you will go into the showering/bathing area. DO NOT get into any of the pools without first scrubbing yourself down. Soap is provided, as well as some abrasive washcloths, but you will need your own shampoo which you can buy in the changing area. Once you are clean, you can enjoy a variety of different temperature pools and sauna options, ranging from the almost freezing to the almost boiling. After you are finished soaking you can either shower again and leave, or put on the shorts provided and go to the jimjilbang common area. Here you will find several different hot rooms, including a traditional mud hut style outside that looks like a giant wasps nest. Some of these rooms are intense, so work your way up to the higher temperatures, don't stay in for too long, and remember to drink lots of water. Food and beverages will be available in the common area so remember to stash some cash in your shorts before going to the jimjilbang. You can also relax on the floors in the common area, watching some bad TV or just snooze. There are a few other nooks and crannies you can explore, but this is a basic sketch of what you can expect. Once you're done at the jimjilbang you can go back for another shower and soak, dry off, enjoy some complimentary personal hygiene products (although I urge caution with their aftershave), get dressed and go home.  Yongduamhaesu Land is a decent example of a Korean bath. It's fairly clean, and has some nice facilities. It's also pretty busy so expect high volumes of people, especially tourists. Oh, and for all you "foreigners" out there of non-Asian decent, please expect an awkward amount of interest in your body, especially those regions that you'd rather not have a room full of Koreans staring at. I know this is weird, and, to be perfectly blunt, I wish they could be more circumspect with their curiosity, but they don't really mean any harm. It's an unspoken obsession amongst humans - particularly men, and especially Korean men - to compare genitals. Koreans just tend to be more obvious about it, in ways that might signal either sexual interest or a punch in the mouth in non-Korean cultures. Have patience.
Go for the baths and sauna but forget about sleep
T shirt provided had a slight stench. The baths were ok and the saunas were fine. Sleeping room felt stuffy and it was quite impossible to get decent sleep as there were too many young people walking around and talking in groups. The charging points were all taken up so it was almost impossible to charge the mobile phone.
Nice view but not worth visiting
I went there at night and there was this huge spotlight shining on the rock itself. Not a good place for the elderly people as climbing up and down that narrow staircase is a hassle.
