Scenic beach
Even in peak season Sehwa Beach didn’t have nearly as many visitors as some of the more popular northeast Jeju beaches mainly because most of it is covered in volcanic rocks.  We actually weren’t even sure it was a beach at first.  We did see a handful of people in the water who had sidestepped all the volcanic rocks but most seemed happy taking photos standing on the rocks.  Cafes, restaurants, and convenience stores line the beach and all were good spots to admire the nice scenery of the beach.  For actually going in the water, the other popular beaches are more popular for that reason.
Beautiful beach
Amazingly clean and beautiful beach surrounded by cute cafes. Accessible by the bus and safe for swimming and snorkeling.
Don’t let the unassuming first look fool you
I was lucky to be here on a fairly sunny day, and saw the beach show its beautiful turquoise colour. Thanks to the shallow white sand bed which stretches very far out, under the sun, the water glistened and sparkled. The lava rock added the character of the whole scenery. It’s very photogenic and well worth a visit. Do not mind the industrial surrounding, it won’t interrupt your pictures.
Hidden gem, must visit
Not a wordy person, but this truly is a must visit. A jeju local recommends it to me, totally fell in love with it. Not to swim but to explore, for kids to play with the fish and small animals on the rocks. Very safe.
Very instagrammable beach ;)
Went there just because our driver recommended us to make a stop there (at first we only wanted to go to Hyeopjae Beach) but now we thought Sehwa Beach was a lot nicer and less crowded than the Hyeopjae Beach. The calm sea, the soft sands all to yourself! They also have one and two spot set up, specially to take picture, and it IS a very instagrammable spot indeed haha
Nice view, good for pictures
The water was beautiful, so we stop by for a quick dip in the ocean. It was very shallow so we went out pretty far at one point. There were many schools of fish and clams in the ocean.
nice view, many cafés
nice beach with many cafés and restaurants. The water is clean and i can only recommend going there. But there are quite a lot people, so if you look for a lonely beach this is not appropriate for you.
Great beach and coffee houses with view
Turkoise waters and great views of the beaches from multiple restaurants and coffee places all along the shoreline.May be a bit difficult to find parking though.
Great for seeing Haenyos and sweet cafes
The waters were gentle and one saw more people in water than out there, although a selfie moment happening is never far in South Korea. Also great for a walk( into the village area, but please don't take photos without asking, off the coast as they share the coast with visitors freely and it is respectful to enter their space on their terms)
Now that's what I'm talking about!
One of the benefits of being an island is all the beaches. One of the drawbacks is that beaches usually draw tourists, and where there are tourists, the shallow villainy of tourist industries inevitably follows. Sehwa has not yet been targeted for development. As of this writing, the long, open expanse of Sehwa beach is still a beach in its rawest form. When the tide goes out, the volcanic rock formations nearer to the road are exposed, leaving tidal pools to explore, thriving with an over abundance of flora and fauna. The beach at low tide is enormous, and rarely crowded. There are no lifeguards. No music. No lights. Just a beautiful beach, minor waves, clean sand, and decent swimming. When the tide comes in, you can continue swimming, or you can visit some of the restaurants in the area that cater to the locals rather than skimp for the tourists. I had some shabu shabu (나영이네) very near Sehwa which was like a kick to the pleasure center of my brain.  Sometimes there's even a local crafts market right next to Sehwa beach, but you have to get lucky to catch it.   Basically, Sehwa is a beach that is still Jeju. It's part of a local community, part of a local ecosystem, as yet only mildly disturbed by ideas of profitability or development.
