Red and White Horse Shaped Lighthouse
This beach is famous for its red and white horse shaped lighthouse. Great photo spot for photographers. Located close to downtown Jeju City. Camping is also allowed here so you can bring food and your own camping gears. Water leisure activities are offered here during summer.
Lighthouse in a shape of horse
I went to see lighthouse in shape of horse, one is in red and the other is in white. They are well made, attractive and iconic!I too a bus heading towards West, (bus#444, it has a stop at Jeju intercity bus terminal), you would need to walk to the lighthouses or you can get off at the stop of beach.The coast line is nice, airplanes are frequently flying over the sky as it’s so close to the airport!
chilling and good place for playground
Interesting place,there are trailer houses and some sells food.  Walk all the way to take a picture with beautiful horse light house.
mesmerizing ocean view
I came to jeju with my friends and the first place we visited is Iho tewoo beach! Ocean view is amazing and the tidal waves are amazing.We had really good moment as a group there despite the fact the weather was cold. Iho tewoo beach is a must go place if u're traveling alone or with your family.
Iho Tewoo Beach
Iho Tewoo Beach - A local beach with good waves and sand to relax yourself after a hectic week full of work.
Nice place
Good to walk around and enjoy a nice meal or have a cup of coffee! Only 5min from the airport by car.
Pleasant  days
I visited Iho Tewoo Beach   several times. Here I found  cool sea, warm peope, meditation noons. I watched the sportsmen, spoke with tourists from  many countries, just enjoyed life. Next time will probably stay at one of the small  hotels near the bay.
Beautiful, Fun, perfect beach!
We went to this beach during the day and kayaked and swam. It was a lot of fun! Then we went at night and it had a wonderful nightlife with restaurants and lights!  *I really recommend this beach!  It wasn't too crowded like the others, and there weren't too many black rocks, and no seaweed.  It was great to walk in the water at night too.  We're going back to this beach again this year!
Great photo place
Great photo spot, many people use this beach for camping. Hard to find eating place or restaurant. The public transport also quite hard here! We wait so long for bus and finally we use taxi for way back hotel
Wide beach and beautiful lighthouse
C1 ( 16.07.13 ) There was good beach with many cafe and restaurant. And the lighthouse of horse shape was located. There was one of good beach in Jeju island, I think.
Nice sunset
A nice beach to pass time while enjoying the sunset. You can enjoy some snack by the beach. Nothing much spectacular.
Nice place for pinic
Bring your own food or you can buy from the cafe nearby and sit by the stairs watching the locals fishing or enjoying the sea breeze. Beautiful red and white horse light-houses that stood out from far. We took a cab there and for return trip, just walked 5~10mins to grab a cab from the main road.
nothing speacial
The Beach is in the middle of the city. I personally don't like this kind of crowded beaches and it seems a little bit dirty ( which is very common for city beaches). Wouldn't reccommend going there (for swimming).
Red & White Horse-shaped Lighthouse
Iho Taewoo Beach 이호테우해변 is the closest beach to Jeju-si (city) and is closed to airport too, one can look down from the plane of the two very special red and white horse-shaped lighthouses when it almost reach Jeju Airport. Beach are sandy white and swallow water that are safe to swim. It is open for public and no admission charges except if is Jeju Iho Taewoo Festival.Visitors are welcomed to camp at the camping site. Facilities like charging room and shower room with locker are available too, is chargeable.There is two entrance to Iho Taewoo Beach, one is closer to the sandy beach and camping site located in the pine forest but less parking space. The other one is close to the horse-shaped lighthouses with huge free parking space and food trucks selling food and beverage. Here you can cycling and photographing. The two white and red horse-shaped lighthouse is famous for sunset photographing, it is best to be there around 5-6pm for the best sunset moment. Iho Taewoo Festival is around Jul-Aug every year. Local and tourist will be coming to witness the happening festival and event like boat ricing, fishing competition and many more fun activities. It will be a long day event.If you are driving, key in 728-3393.If you are taking public transport, take green bus 7,17 or 60 or blue bus 36
