Beautiful sunset
Geumneung Beach and Hyeopjae Beach are the two beaches of Hallim located about a kilometer apart from one another.  While swimming is not allowed for some stretches, both areas are absolutely stunning during sunset.  The stretches of the camping area looked like a great place to spend the daylight hours and at low tide, there was plenty of space for kids to run around and play.
Just a normal small beach though seas are always a nice place to be.....
This beach was a short stopover point for us. We were on the way to another place.It was mid afternoon & the sun was very very hot, probably that's why there were so few people then. My guess is that those who are here came for the same reasonThe roaring sounds of the waves & the deep blue sea always gives one a nice relaxed feeling. In countries like Korea, there are lots of similar beaches & seas. So although it is nice, there is no need to make a special trip unless you are on the way to another place & passes through here for a short stop. Or for toilet breaks.
Had to make a stop, it was so beautiful!
We drove by after a visit to Hallim Park and couldn't resist this beautiful place.Totally unprepared for the beach, we went for a short walk around the area. The water was cool & clear. There were many tide pools for the kids to explore and catch crabs, little fishes & shrimp. The weather was perfect.The kids wished that they could stay there all day but we had to leave for another place.We would go back there again when we visit Jeju the next time.
Cold but Beautiful Ocean View
We were heading to Halim Park and chance upon this on the way. Not many people as it was winter and really cold to be at the beach but the view is just so soothing. Blue greenish ocean waters, waves splashing against the rocks, white sandy beach, etc...just picture perfect.  The wind was blowing hard on our faces. There is a stine statue there at the parking lot.Definitely want to go back again.
very nice beach even in october
It was a rainy day when we went to this beach after visiting the Hallim park, end of october. It was however a very nice experience, the sand is white and contrast nicely with the black rocks that you can see at low tide. The view on the island makes the picture even nicer.
Beautiful Beach with great views
Absolutely stunning beach with great views of Biyangdo Island. Avoid July and August, as it's crowded. Wait for low tide, when the water ebbs quite far and you even take selfie with Stone Man that usually is submerged in the sea. Also great to watch jeju kitesurfing scene i great activity to try out.
Lovely beach
Quite windy, nearby Hallim Park and HyeopJae beach. Camping available. Showers with cold water for 2000 won. Foot washing station. Small convenience store.
Lovely walk along the sand
Geumneung Eutteumwon Beach - it was a pleasant day when i visited the beach. The sun shone brightly we really enjoyed our day on this nice and clean beach.
Ordinary beach
We just passed by this beach as we felt it wasn't that nice. Although there were less tourists in this area but coming from a tropical country, this is just a basic beach.
Great Swimming Beach for  Family with Little Kids
The water is shallow and clear, full of sea shells, hermit crabs, and small fish. It is great place for little kids to swim safely.
One of the beautiful beaches in South Korea
Emerald color water with a beautiful long beach and white sand!!  a great place for families with children to play together and enjoy a quiet. It makes a beautiful scenery photo with Biyangdo Island is located directly in front of the beach.
Favorite beach in Jeju!
Clean, plenty of foliage, great views, this is my fave photo spot and overall chill spot in Jeju. You'll find it less crowded than other beaches and a lot less polluted. Best during spring or fall.
Beach for Foreigners
This is unlike most Korean beaches because most Koreans go to the beach right up the road. Lots of space to play and relax in the sand and in the water. Beautiful sunset. Emerald water. And white sand. Shallow water is great for kids. No parasols (umbrellas), and no commercial building stores  - nice! Doesn't feel like a Korea beach at all. Tip: Park on the right near the camping area. That's where you will find a nice quiet sandy spot next to natural sand dunes. Wow!
The nice, better beach next to Hyeopjae Beach
Likes:Beautiful light blue waters, similar to HyeopjaeLess people during the July/August period.A few empty umbrella spaces for us to squeeze in (thanks to less people)Can rent floatablesDislikes:No wavesRecommend to others?Yes, if you want to go to a beach on the west coast of Jeju
One of the prettiest beach in Jeju!
Came by here because the cab driver said that its prettier that Hyeopjae Beach. It was pretty empty when I came maybe because it was in autumn and it might be cold.
Beautiful beach
This beach is so beautiful. The view is breathtaking. Clear waters, blue ocean, white sand, and can swim here too.
Lovely Scenery
Near to Hyeopjae Beach with breathtaking views. It was very cold in the winter by beach so make sure get yourself wrapped up and enjoy the views here. The water was shallow and nice enough for us to walk around on the rocks and saw many green seaweeds here too.  A must visit if you are in Jeju Island.
The coastal road brings you here so look out for this beach
I saw it in April when the medicinal value of the sands has not been overtaken by the summer trippers. So the colours and the sands were relaxing.
Sandy Beach and Statues
Beautiful white sandy beach framed with black lava rocks. Warm and calm sea. Even on a stormy afternoon is Spring it was still beautiful and a great place so sit and watch the world go by. Couple of cafes and shops are very close by. Tide comes in pretty fast and quite high.
Kickback on Geumneung
Next door to the popular Hyeopjae Beach is the lesser known Geumneung Beach. Make sure you pack your snorkeling gear as it's teeming with all kinds of marine life. Like most of Jeju's North-side beaches, it's very shallow, which means you could easily walk for about a kilometre and the water hardly passes your middle as the tide's going out.
Good beach with island view
This one is located near  Hyeopjae  Beach,  so you can see the Biyangdo island as well. i liked it. Its pretty spacious and got necessary facilities like combini nearby, toilet and place with free water. it also got nice view and some of typical jeju sculptures of  female divers and spirits that protect the Island. Sand is white and feels nice.
