Picturesque area
We sought out Saryeoni Forest thinking it would be a great place to escape the July heat.  We visited the section with nicely laid out boardwalks which was great for taking our baby on a stroller.  The scenery was picturesque and even during peak season, it didn’t feel crowded as the forest area is vast.  However, the humidity level was significantly higher as it felt like we were walking around wearing a plastic raincoat.
Very calm and Fresh
Most of famous travellers places are not free of charge but this place has no entrance fee :) I visited here in winter and fortunately there weren't many people so I was able to enjoy this forest path pretty much. Calm, beautiful and very peaceful place even thou trees were not that green. You don't need to wear athletic stuffs but sneakers are essential.One thing you need to be reminded is there aren't any trash boxes and they must be taken back with you.
Visited for prewedding photo
Was with my photographer here for my prewedding photoshoot. The forest was amazing for a background photoshoot as the trees were tall and very densed. Lighting from the sunlight was just nice, and well covered by the tall trees. There were also a few spots that has wooden chairs built for resting. Recommended for prewed photoshoots!
Pleasant Walk in the Woods
There are a few trails here through the woods.  Nothing difficult.  I guess you might walk 10-15 Km here and there.  There are posted opening hours, but people seem to walk in after them since there isn't actually a gate (or staff).  It seems quiet even during the busy season.
Forest Bathing for preventive healthcare and therapy
Beautiful place to take a walk - 19km though !Paths designated well, lots of places photoworthy. With small crowd of hike crazy fans... and brides.
CLOSED for temporarily due to the heavy snow fall last week!!(visited today, 2018 Feb 13)
The guard told me I should've called to the office before heading for there. The snow made cars are stuck in the road. I could clearly see with my bare eyes. Even if today's weather was so perfect and wonderful, it is a forest under tremendously tall trees so lots of shadow made them ice. Maybe next week might be OK to visit inside but please call beforehand if it is allowed to get in. Even at the entrance, I could see beautiful scenery from a distance.
Wonderful
Really was a wonderful walk and experience. The path is well maintained and easy to find. We took the bus there and it is convenient and easy. Take a jacket as the forest can get a little cold
