Same as every other underground mall
Like the title said. It’s the same as every other underground mall I’ve been too. Nothing special. This one had lots of clothes and beauty items.
Yet another underground mall.....sigh!
Yet another underground mall. The usual clothing, fashion, cafes, etc, etc. They are all about the same.Perhaps the bright spot about these underground malls is that one can find some bargains especially clothings.
Good for winter clothes
Was here during the winter, winter clothes sold at value. You can get a whole set here, from undies to mittens at a discount price.  Place is well maintained, underground so you're warm.  Not too many restaurants but the space is sprawling and windy, you can get lost. Thankfully there are maps, just remember your entry point to keep your bearings.  Toilets all around, with no bidet.  Things sold were all more or less the same as you spend a bit of time browsing.
underground shopping
The Jungang Undergroung Shopping Center was among the shopping stops that we had for our Jeju tour package. The area is sizeable. There are 12 gates conveniently marked—I had to remember Gate 5 since this is where our tour bus was scheduled to pick us up.  There were beauty products, clothes, cosmetics, more clothes, more beauty products—did I already mention clothes and cosmetics? The clothes and bags sold here are not your designer stuff but cheaper items. The cosmetics sold here are similar to what you have at every corner in Korea. If you are looking for really inexpensive items, it is better going to the Dongmun Market. If you want branded items, head to the Chilseongro Fashion Street. Both these locations are nearby, at Gates 2 and 3 respectively. The only redeeming factor that the Jungang Underground Shopping Center is that it is indoors and has climate control, which is useful for a cold winter day.
What an experience
One just can not envision the size and number of stores in this underground mall.  Even if you don't buy anything, it's worth checking it out.  The clothing is very inexpensive.  Lots of cell phone stores but they only work in Korea so the employees won't even look at you if your not Korean.  But all the other shop are very friendly.
Amazing Place
Worth the visit. Amazing. My kids enjoyed the place. Great time for exploration in the area.Visit the area.
So so
They sale a lot of clothing with self brand, the price is more expensive that some known brand like uniqlo, h&m etc...
Many things except kitchenware
They mostly sell clothes and cosmetics here. This place is equivalent to those underground shopping centres in Seoul. It is a large space and you can try  bargaining too. Close proximity to Dongmun Market and a gem of a historical area called Gwandeokjeong.
Korean Fashion
Communication barrier is not a problem for us to shop here. Yes, they don't really speak English. But, we still had a good time to shop and bargain. If you want to shop korean fashion (but not the designer label or branded one), clothing, accessories, bags, cosmetic, skin care, this is the place. One place for everything so that you don't have to walk more. Innisfree, Nature Republic, The Saem, Skin Food, you name it. All are here.
Underground shopping great during winter
We enjoy shopping underground. We were able walk from one end to another. Just remember where you enter. There is a number so you will not get lost.There were beauty products, children clothing, adult clothing, bags, shoes, restaurants, etc. They are not your designer stuff but cheap items. Since winter, they sell winter wear. We bought some face masks, cleanser for less than $10. We also bought bags for $15. The lady said made in korea so we think ok. The backpack is great cos very spacous. Good for traveling. Quality is just ok. Then at one exit near to the wet market, we found a shop called bang bang. It belongs to a friend of the korean actor who starred in the famous korean drama "my love from the star" we were able to buy simple T shirts, socks. They are less than $10. Socks about $3. We actually shop here 2 times when we were staying in ocean suites hotel. It was just 10 to 15 minutes walk to this underground shopping area.There are restaurants here too. We found a good korean restaurant here. It was good food and affordable.
Convenient but boring
Maybe coz it’s winter, mainly promoting winter clothes. Not many knick knacks to see or buy. Haven’t yet compared to shopping malls, but can’t say it’s very affordable either
Short underground shopping link
Since my hotel is located at one end of this shopping centre, I visited this place every day during my stay in Jeju. Being underground, it was great to shield the winter cold especially in the evenings.The shops essentially sell similar products - clothings, cosmetics, shoes, accessories, bags, hats, etc. There are few eateries and fast food chains too. This shopping street tends to be crowded in the evenings. There are free toilet facilities at one end, i.e. exit 1.
Nice place for shopping
good facility,many store and warm when winter season its the best place for shopping at Jeju.nearby to dongmun market and its easy to go by bus
Long stretch of shopping
It's probably the best place to shop for street wear in Jeju but it's nothing compared to Seoul. After visiting this place, one realised how expensive jeju is compared to the mainland Korea.Free samples are given out when purchasing cosmetic in Seoul. Nothing of that sort in Jeju. Fashion spotted in this mall is old and pathetic. Don't get your hopes high.Only saving grace is this mall protects you from the weather elements during shopping. But so is any mall in Seoul too.
Cheap and Lots of Variety
Forget Lotte Duty Free, You can find almost every Korean Skin Care Brand here, TheFaceShop, Etude, Isoi, Banilla , Nature Republic, etc, all with cheap price and lots of bonus.
Big but not flashy
The entrance is an orange frame which juts our of the ground so it will be really hard to miss. But If you go for flashy shopping centre then this place is not for you. There’s a lot on sale if you take the time to browse through. Unfortunately I am the type who goes for flashy shopping centre so we just came in and breeze through.
the usual shops
nothing much to see here, a typical underground shopping mall with the usual shops and F&B. good thing is that it wasnt that crowded.they do provide free wifi though.
Cosmetic center
When you vivit Jeju Island,  it is very easy for you to find cosmetic center in jugang underground shopping center. There are many kind of korean cosmetic product. Such as soothing gel, sheet mask, lipt tint, and facial wash. From airport you can go to jugang underground shopping center by bus or by taxi. You can ask tourist information in airport about bus number that can bring you there
Perfect for Korean cosmetic fans
My hotel was almost next to exit 1 of this mall so spent quite a bit of time here shopping for Korean cosmetics but otherwise it's just a regular shopping center, nothing special. Didn't try any of the restaurants down there, as I'd prefer to spend more time in the open air. But this mall serves as a great connection point to many other areas of interest within the city including the Mok provincial government historical site and Dongmun traditional market, with clearly marked signs at each exit.
One thing neat about this one is that...
You might go in the market which is partially underground and think you’re in this. You’re not. This is about 100 little shops with similar wares. About 3 places to eat including don burger. One neat thing about this is that they say it is the largest in the world. It’s one block but in the middle flares out to several aisles. I don’t know if anybody reads trip advisor unless you click HELPFUL. If you do this, it sends me an email and it makes me smile :-)
Underground shopping street
Came here after having our dinner nearby , stroll along this underground shopping which was not that long , bought some Korean brand cosmetic here that's all, not crowded , free filter water with paper cups for drinks , clean toilet to use , heated on a cold weather . If it's raining outside would be nice to spend some time here .
Nothing much to shop
Underground shops over around 2 blocks. Nothing really interesting. You can skip it if you run out of time. Some clothing shops. Better save your money and time for Seoul.
Usual underground shopping center
Very near the Dongmun market, just like any ordinary underground shopping center. Nothing new, nothing different. Many entrances and exits too.
Good place to buy make up
It's a good place to buy facial mask escorts from some famous Korean brand like innisfree or natural republic.
ug shopping mall
this ug shopping mall has a lot of entrance one of them was located near dongmun market.mostly sell clothes and food.
NEAR TO DONGMUN MARKET SO VISIT THIS PLACE ON A SINGLE TRIP
Its a short street UG mall sells things you will find in normal shops in Jeju.  The catch here is that this place is not just underground BUT its air conditioned.  Its maintained very well with clean toilets.  We spent about 40 mins leisurely but didn't buy anything in the end.  I won't say its a must-go place but if you happened to be at Dongmun market, its a short walk to this place.
1st Underground shopping in Jeju
This Underground Shopping Mall is again beside one of the walking street.  It also has many entrance/exit.  Basically, the shops are selling more for women and not for youngsters. It really make use of the space on the island, and place to hide during down pour.
Good shopping
A lot of selection, different price ranges for all the price brackets. Clothes, some gifts and food. Worth coming to see.
Good option for bad weather
Can find almost everything here cosmetics (of course), vitamin, souvenir, fashion apparel, also few restaurants here. Almost can find everything here but not that fantastic. Some of the coat and sweater was expensive.This is good option to go for bad weather.
Shop Cheap Items in Jeju
We were looking for a good place to shop and buy souvenirs and we found this place in Jungang area. Lot of cheap items from clothes, bags, shoes and beauty products.Tips:- GPS: 752-8776- There is a public parking in front of Jeju Bank along Ohyeon-gil. 3-4 hours cost us 3700Krw.- Jejumok Gwana is just on the West exit (exit 11). You might want to drop by if you got time.- There are Korean food in the middle section. Cheap but taste good.
Nice and tidy
Not being the world's greatest fan of shopping malls, underground or otherwise, I wasn't expecting very much. However, I have to admit that it was very nice and tidy, a long parade of shops stretching at least a quarter of a mile. Most of the outlets were selling clothes, shoes and that sort of thing. Be careful about payment since many do not accept MasterCard or Visa, let alone AMEX. Haggling over prices seems to be tolerated, but language might be an impediment.Happy Shopping !
Good Variety But Not Fantastic
Stumble upon it when wanting to cross the road. There's mainly women's stuff, plenty of cosmetics, very few man's stuffs and some restaurants. Looks like a typical China zhuhai gong pei type of underground mall, but smaller. The ships above ground sells higher quality stuffs.
Not worth going
It basically looks like a shopping mall in Shenzhen. There are a few cosmetic shops but most of the shops sell old-fashioned clothes. Not worth a visit at all.
Nothing special
Relatively clean and orderly but nothing special. Mostly clothing and cosmetics shops, surprised to find not even 1 souvenir stall that sells "Welcome to Jeju" t-shirts😑
Underground Shopping
Located in Jungangro of downtown Jeju this underground shopping mall was the perfect spot to take in some local shopping due to the rain on the day we visited.  Most of the 280 shop locations were open but quite a few locations were in the process of or still had yet to open.  Most shops here sold shoes, clothing, and cosmetics.  We found several shops for children apparel and a few shops of general items and a couple of places to eat (which we tried - very good).  Of the shops there we didn't really find anything to our liking but the shopping experience was pleasant.  The shops varied in what they accepted for payment.  Most accepted Wans and several Credit Cards.  If any, tenants spoke very little English.
A trip down under
This underground shopping street is kinda cool. It has clothes, beauty products, a large number of children's stall, and no doubt impresses the many thousands of tourists that come through Jeju City every day. However, if you have ever been to Singapore, and experienced the underground warren of the connected malls on Orchard road, this will not in any way tantalize you. At best it will make you smile at the 1970's feel of it all ;-)
Cloth n cosmetic is a lots here
At there if you looking for almost all kind of cloth and cosmetic there you will love it! Because some brand name is there and almost is a fashion cloths there! For cosmetic is so many brand there start from Korea product will go to almost every brand in the world  and the area is just next from dongmon market ...and don't forget you are shopping at underground shopping centre not in a big mall because I will experience some poor service...have a great shopping
Interesting but average
Unfortunately we visited in the morning and a lot of the stalls were just opening up.  I was surprised as a lot of the markets in Asia open at the crack of dawn.  There are a large number of stalls selling a large variety of goods, some at fairly good prices.  It was a dull day so it was nice to be indoors.
Cheap market
It is just like the cheap Chinese market in my hometown, with small stalls, no room to try things on and dirty floor. We were quite surprised when we got there, as the reviews of this place are rather good. Did not buy anything there. If you want some normal shopping in Jeju, go to any Emarket instead.
great place to shop except the poor service of some stalls
Generally, a great place to shop for mask, body care, face care products with great prices. Do beware of some shops do actually give a kind of face/attitude if you touch or even asked for prices ( please note that, most shops dont include a price tag) after you  decided not to buy.
Juju-do Shopping Centre
There are a lot of steps to negotiate - but on looking again a lift as found and used - very interesting mall - extremely clean as is the entire city
Awesome for Shopaholic
To be full of cosmetics and fashion items. If you're shopaholic you shouldn't miss an opportunity for shopping. Quite Cheap. If it's rainy days and can't go for climb mountains, you can go jungang instead.
Wouldn't make a "special" visit to see
Lots of shops, but I wouldn't go out of your way to see this.  I just happened to be in the area.  Wouldn't be very nice shopping if it was crowded either.
UnionPay Heaven
Lots of various beauty shops and shoppers crowded around those shops. You can buy some good Korean made health care products, and a lot of Chinese and various types of Asians. It claims to be a tax free zone, and the prices are more than reasonable. Also, the free wifi hotspots are good, as well as very clean bathrooms. Good place for shopping.
Good choice for shopping
This market sells many products either fashionable clothes and branded cosmetics. There're many food shops available with reasonable place too. If you are seeking for sport shoes or toys.You can also find here. Some shops will give you the tax refund and some not.You need to check carefully. The famous cosmetic shops like ETUDE and skin food, some of famous items may not available. There're 11 gates which the even gate no. will locate on the right whereas the odd ones are on the left. It's not complicated and easy to walk. There's restroom available too.If you don't buy the well known brand, you will also find the local Korean cosmetic brand which is very cheap. I buy 12 hand creams with 10,000 won prize and can get the complimentary mask for 10 sheets. It's very good price. The souvenir shop also available here.I would also recommend to come as the choice of your shopping since it's not too crowded like duty free building and you don't need to buy a lot of same items in pack like duty free. As most of Korean cosmetics in duty free would be sold in pack of more than 2 pieces which sometimes you don't need that much.
Great place for shopping clothes, accessories, souvenirs and skin care product.
This place is great for shopping with reasonable and cheaper prices compared to other places. Also, it is underground and covered, so u need not worry about the weather. U could take your meals at the big market on the  street level, get your fix of souvenirs such as jeju chocolates, crunch, tangerines and such, then head downstairs to shop. Most store ladies there could speak Mandarine and a little English so communication is not a big issue. Definitely a must come for shopping in Jeju!
A rather long street with shops, that is it.
Do not bother spending your time going here unless there is some specific item or shopping you need to do. Come on, you are on Jeju, a small slice of paradise on Earth, go see funny statues or climb a mountain.
Interesting place to get gifts
Good for rainy day. Lots of little cosmetic shops to get last minute purchases, interesting clothing and shoe shops.
Not worth to visit
Many small shops mainly selling clothes.The best is if it's raining you can have a dry walk below the streets...
Great place to shop!!
Came here with my husband and we had a great time negotiating and bargaining for prices. I will say it's a bit overwhelming and I didn't see much variety for food but overall we had a good time.
Rainy day itinerary
Nothing much to shop as underground complex is quite small. Had Doni burger which was not bad (near exit 5). Other than that it's not really worth a visit as there are better stuff to do at jeju. Spent 6d5n in jeju and didn't finish what we set out for.
Not so friendly shop attendant, and they are from China
As per title...not so friendly shop attendant. And the rude one are from mainland China if not mistaken. Such a disappointment. No intention of racist or whatsoever. Just personal experience at one of the shop.
As others in Korea
This shopping centre is huge, full of goods like cosmetics, clothes, shoes, small electronics and mobile accessories. And people of course. Not different from underground shopping in Seoul or Incheon.
A shopper's haven
The cruise ship docked in Jeju South Koren for a few hours. We didn’t plan anything, just walked around downtown.  We saw a flight of stairs, looks like it leads to some metro station, so we went down to take a look. It is a huge underground shopping center. They sell clothing, accessories, shoes and cosmetics. This is a shopper’s haven. They also have free Wi-Fi that you can connect with family and friends. Although we don’t know their language, but the people are very friendly and helpful. I don’t mind to visit Jeju again.Happy Travelling!
Shopping in Jeju Island
This is an underground shopping center which is just around the corner of Orange Tree  Cafe & Hotel. This is just the normal shopping center which you would see in most of the subways thru out Seoul, however, the good thing about this underground shopping mall is that each of the exits leads to different streets which has more shops....eg. Uniqlo, ABC Mart, Daiso, and also various cafes.....and also to the Dongmun Market and also to the Black Pork Street.
