Very calm park
A spacious and calm park! Nice place to walk around if you love nature. Best thing is it is free of charge to visit and once you come in, you are surrounded by nature. Wear comfortable shoes if you want to hike to the upper areas too! #추천웰니스관광지 #wellnesskorea #wellnesstourismsupporters #한국관광공사
Beautiful walk in the morning
We were up early and looking for something that was also open early and found Halla Arboretum. Right in Jeju City and east to get to yet plenty of space, beautiful paths and forests to walk through. Great morning activity with early rising kids ans it’s free.
There is a night market!
There is a night market which originally operate for few months but now extended till unknown time. Visited this place after raining thus a lot of stalls not opening. But I am able to try the fried porky which is delicious and I will be back for this! There is table and chairs for you to eat in but please be aware of mosquito.
Just another park
Only visit uf you have too much time to spare. This park contains trees and flowers with walking paths but nothing special there. It was a nice stroll for an hour with the wind breezing but if you are pressed for time, skip this.
It was okay
It was an okay park to lounge for an hour or two. I went when it was the cherry blossom season so the flowers blooming were really pretty but other than that there was nothing much.
Peacefull garden
It was alright, when we arrive, the flower just started to bloom, so not many flower to see. The ambience is peaceful
A beautiful park to visit & relax in
Visited Halla Arboretum in winter and it presents a delightful winter wonderland! Thanks to the snow overnight and throughout the day, the whole park was a feast to the eyes and a delight for photography. If you go by public transport, it is however a good 10-15 minute walk in - but it is a good exercise for me and to keep warm in winter!
A Scenic and Pastoral Setting To Spend an Hour, or Two
The Halla Arboretum is a sort of giant tree garden/park spread out over a mountain with innumerable trails that span the mountain side, leading to the top.  Key trees are labeled in museum fashion though the information provided is minimal.  Think of the arboretum as a park on a hillside with paths leading to a summit with views of the peak and city.  It's quietly beautiful with the cool air gently perfumed by the trees and soil.  If you are traveling on Jeju and are looking for a place to spend d1-2 hours, the Halla Arboreteum is a good call.
Very nice place for a walk on a hot day
On a hot day, between breaks in a storm, my girlfriend and I came here for a nice walk with a great view at the top, where we met a very friendly Korean chap who told us stories of his life. Would definitely recommend as a close place to get to from the city.
Good place to walk
It is a dood place to walk, think, and stare.....  Many people  come with families & friends Children have a lot of pace to play. One can  have a lunch  at the restaurant. It is a  great beautiful park   within Jeju Si.
Stumbled upon this beauty
A group of us were actually trying to get to another location but stumbled upon this beauty by mistake. It is quite large and may consume 1-2 hours depending on how extensively you want to trek this. Good way to get out of the city without going too far or hiking an oreum. Had a really nice calming feel. Would recommend it :)
Fantastic
This is a real gem. You can enter for free and walk around, have a picnic and enjoy nature and the views. If you hike to the top of the hill you can see the whole city and the ocean and on the other side the mountain
Nice park
It's a beautiful park for a stroll. It has different sections with a variaton in plants. Not a lot of flowers but nice plants and trees. Also lots of shade for hot days.  It is a little out of the way though so only worth a visit when you are into parks or nearby.
Nature
This is a nice park with a lot of different flower and tree species. It's worth a visit and also a good opportunity to have a walk. You can climb on top of the hill to have a 360 degrees view (there is also a small cemetery there, not easy to find : take the most  peripheral path). Even in autumn it is colorful !
Pleasant outing on what is already a charming island
Here is much more the beauty of the man made. The Bonsai garden made in an Arboretum which otherwise would've been an entirely sandy/rocky area. A good place to stroll completely away from the coastline. But given that Jeju's primary attractions are natural, spend time here only after seeing the real natural stunners.
Nice walk!
A lovely little walk which takes you up a gentle sloping hill.  Very nice when the cherry blossoms are out. It's free.
A nice forest park near Jeju City
I once visited this park during my short stay in Jeju City for business. It was very close to the New Jeju City area. It was a good chance to see the beautifully arranged botanic gardens made up of the trees and flowers unique to this island. Also In this park there are hills from volcanic eruption, that is called "Orum" in Jeju island dialectic. there were not very high but to get to the top I had to walk up zigzag sloped way, but it was a good experience.Although there are many tourist attractions in Jeju Island, It is worth visiting when your are near Jeju city.
Only if you like greenery a lot…..
The best parts about this tour were the walk from the main road where you can admire the cherry blossom on both sides of the road and the newly opened Angel-In-Us coffee house. If not for the springtime cherry blossoms, there doesn't seem to be much else to see.
Arrival Refresh off
Visited with wife, it was not in our schedule. Didnt want to head for west without any of memory in northern place. The place seems to be just a town park not more than that precisely so they dont ask for parking fee or any tolls. Not worth to visit if you expect more than just place for walk
A collection of trees and bushes only
Well, it is and arboretum, but it being a garden with quite the hustle around it we did expect a lot more. We walked through 3/4 of the garden in about 20-30min and then left. They had two greenhouses, but they were closed (under construction). A waste of time, there are many more botanical gardens in which you can have a better time without the long travel (it is quite a bus ride out of the city). It was free though...
Just a nice place in nature to walk around
When I went it was mostly just green foliage. I was hoping there would be more flowers. But it IS an arboretum. It is sizable and has many paths.
Another endorced sales pitch.
Clearly some of these places are hand in glove with tour operators to sell products.
Good view of Jeju City. Not a must-see but was close to Jeju-so & Free
My husband and I walked here from Jeju-si (not recommended, unless you just really like to walk) so it's not far from the big hotel district. It's free to get in, but is mostly just trees and bushes, the wildflower garden was completely bare, of course, we didn't really come at the right time for that anyway. Follow the signs for "Green Shower" and you'll go up a pretty steep climb (especially for us in our flip-flops) to a nice view of the city and the ocean beyond. There's a nice lily-pad pond and a nice green "lawn" for anyone wanting a place to sit in nature. Although, the entire island of Jeju is about nature, so this wasn't a must-see for us. Just behind the Arboretum (on the left as you drive out and behind a group of concrete apartment buildings) is the 선림사 Buddhist Temple. It has a really gorgeous campus and nice view of the city and sea, as well. If you got to the Arboretum, take the time to visit the temple, too.
