Lovely day at beach
I went to Gimnyeong Seonsegi Beach with couple of my friends and we really enjoyed our day out in the sun and sand.
Iconic beach
Infamous beach that often came up in K-drama or Korean song videos. The water is truly blue, very clean ocean with iconic wind turbine on the background. Cool place to chill. We ate at ice cream shop there.
A small beach with white sand
A small beach with black volcanic lava stones. Almost the whole beach has a carpet of mat and sand bags to slow the process of beach erosion. There are better beaches around Jeju.
Awesome scenery
Should be your must do list for photography activity. There is car park & toilet nearby. All Jeju coastal are unique scenery but this place has its own specialty. Good place to relax and chill.
Clear waters and the wind mills
Happened to visit this beach by chance on the way to Hamdeok. But it did not disappoint. Clear blue waters with the backdrop of wind mills was amazing. There was a lot marine life near the shore which you can peek on through the clear waters.. The only thing which put me off is that one can't wade into such lovely waters..
reached here after cave & maze
just take a bus within 10min. i reached this beach. that was one of beautiful beach in jeju IMO as clear water with white sand also seaweed. it also has some windmill near around. except the beach that has a camp site. quite comfortable & relaxing place.the water was cool & the view also beautiful. it has many small crab,conch & fish. many people busy with them. ha. just no luck on i don't have a pretty sunset. anyway, worth to take time for visit here after cave & maze.
Interesting mix of Black Rocks with White Sand and Lots of Seaweeds on the Beach
Unlike Samyang Beach where you get black sand, this beach has big black volcanic rocks on the white sandy beach. Basically frequented by locals. Beyond the beach, one can see a number of wind turbines.
It's a beach... With some interesting features.
I liked this beach. We went there on a really windy day so it was... Windy. What was quite strange is you get down to shoulder level in the water then there is a hill and you end up at ankle level again. It was quite a strange experience. However it's probably a barrier to stop you going any further (?) but I didn't take note cos I am a rebel, the waves were awesome at that point. Eventually the lifeguard got tired of my antics and called me back in. He said it was because there were jellyfish out there... Unless the Korean for "you silly tourist" sounds like jellyfish?!?The black rocks (lava?) were quite awesome to hunt for crabs but there were these bugs that looked like flesh eating ones from the mummy so that freaked me out a little. You can get here from Jeju bus terminal using the 701 bus (3,000 KRW). There is a stop for it about 40 mins in. It's near Manjangul cave (6,000 KRW taxi) so worth combining it with a trip with that.
