Good views of Udo and Seongsan
Udo Lighthouse Park on the highest point of the island Udobong, is a nice short uphill hike (bikes are not allowed in the park area).  View of the rest of Udo and Seongsan Ilchulbong (Sunrise Peak) from the area is fantastic although it was very windy when I hiked up.  The lighthouse (not that impressive anyway) was off limits and there was a tacky lighthouse park with a dozen or so models of lighthouses.
Jeju Island
Jeju Island in Korea is a exceedingly wonderful place to have vacation for family and also a  place to have honey moon for lovers. After doing some traveling plans, I went to Korea with friends in April this year. It’s really a nice time to meet Jeju Island in spring, the weather is comfortable, and the flowers were growing beautifully at that time. A vast , blue as well as clear sea came into my horizon, relaxing my body and purifying my mind dramatically. Not annoyance and trouble anymore, but freedom and joy there. The blue sea does calm me down. Additionally, because of its great geographical location, we are able to taste some delicious local food, such as fresh octopus, deep-sea fish, oysters, and also famous Jeju orange chocolate.In a word, Jeju is worth going, especially for whom are fond of view of sea.
Place that worth all hiking
After some hiking (which was hard for me as I didn't really exercise), you can see a small museum on top to explain how light house works, interactive equipments for you to feel more relevant with the light house. You can have a bird eye view of Udo's scenary that will totally amazed you. It is less crowded hence you may enjoy chill and relax time on top.  It's a place worth visiting!
Self arranged trip to Udo Island
I studied the seoqwipo bus route and decided to bring my family for a day trip to Udo Island. I stayed in Jungmun Resort vicinity. It was easy to catch bus 282 from here and made a transfer for direct bus to Udo Passenger Terminal. Upon arrival, after filling up the necessary details and proof of passports，we went to the cruise Departure point. Luckily we chosen a weekday for this trip. The queue was short. In the cruise ship, we could find seats. A 15 min ride and we were greeted by several e-scooters and shop houses. Here, you could settle for lunch. But if it was too early for you, several sightseeing spots come with line of restaurants. We took the circular bus (white color van) which we thought was the best choice. Every stop you were  required to queue to abroad. This bus went to most attractions including black sand & Udo lighthouse. The bus route was also the route for E-scooters /car. Do be careful for safety sake. Returning from Udo Island was amazing : we could not find a bus stop that for the same bus number  supposed to bring us back to Seoqwipo! Nevertheless, luckily we had alternative plan ! we took a bus that brought us to Gimpo Airport. Got a decent dinner and then took limo bus 600 directly to our accomodation, alighting at bus stop named Jungmun Resort Entrance. This DIY by public transport comes in cheap!This trip you need a whole day.
Steep but short hike with an amazing view
The hike up to the lighthouse is quite steep but the path is well laid out and not too difficult. The reward at the top is a breathtaking view of the island. Well worth the effort. You can look down into the beautiful black sand beach below.
Great views
Did this as part of Olle walk 1-1. Great views from all around, nice piece of history and beautiful lighthouse which is always a bit romantic and mysterious, so perfect for couples i'd say. Loved it.
best part of Jeju
The hidden gem in the east of the Jeju island. The best part is to come during sunrise I guess. DOn't miss its traditional ice cream.
So beautiful around
Udo Island Lighthouse Park - Really a good place for a nice evening stroll. Loved the lighthouse too.
Located on Udo-bong Peak
You need to do light hike up to Udo-bong Peak to reach this lighthouse park. The park contains several lighthouse miniatures around the world. Went in May pre-summer and you may need to apply sunblock and proper hat to avoid sunburn. Scenery are marvelous if you walk around the island in one day. I arrived about 830am and leaved the island about 2.30pm. Toilet is available near the horse fieldIts a must do list if you visit Jeju Island and i wish to come again to try walk in winter.
It’s so much thing to see
We went there yesterday and this my second time here! It’s so beautiful and amazing it’s so nice to relax and have fun in the same day you have to go here if you are in jeju you will have the best time , you can go for a day or you can stay overnight it’s very safe !
Walk
If you enjoy walk , is fine. Good view, so natural . Specially the air & wind. Fresh and clean. Family and friends can snap a good photo for remember.
A lookout point with a view
We visited Udo Island in October 2016 and took the hop on hop off bus and got off at the first stop to climb up to the peak where the lighthouse was.  The climb took about an hour and though there were steps and a well travelled path, it still required some physical effort. There were hardly any trees and you would be well advised to wear a hat and sun block. Wear comfortable walking/hiking shoes and bring plenty of drinking water.  We climbed to the peak on a hot sunny day and had to stop a few times before we reached the lighthouse. The view was worth our effort.  Then we climbed down to the surrounding park, which was basically grassland with minimal trees and hardly any shelter. There were lots of other tourists.  We saw some horses grazing here and could see across to the mainland and sunrise peak as well as parts of Udo below.  This is the most enjoyable part of UDO for us and highly recommended.
