A Beauty of a Beach
This is one of my favorite beaches on Jeju.  As someone who lives here, this is mainly because the beach is big enough to hold the droves of tourists who come here every summer.  During off season it is even more spectacular.  Wide stretches of sand with very few people filling it.Around the beach areas there are enough cafes, restaurants, shops to keep a person full and happy throughout the day.  ProTip: Midway down the beach (there is another set of bathrooms up the stairs.  Save yourself the trip of trying to make it to the main ones!
Beautiful but busy
Can be extremely busy during summer but the beach is beautiful.  Can rent umbrellas to lie under or just bake in the sun.  Some rocky areas in the water but you can navigate around them to enjoy the blue sea.
Beach with open air public bath
The main attraction of the beach is the inclusion of a somewhat historic public bath.  As it was November and no one was using the public baths, I was able to get into the public baths for a look.  Don't worry, you're not missing out on much as the public baths were not very impressive in size or scope.  I can imagine these public baths would be very busy in the summer when the weather is more appropriate.The beach itself is good - there is plenty of sand so I could imagine people swimming in the sea near the beach in the summer.  However, there are some rocks there as well for people to walk around.All in all, it's a typical beach - nothing to write home about.
Needs a daily clean up!
The beach itself could do with some TLC from the council.   There is a lot of debris which washes up daily onto the beach and along the coastal walk. Most of it travels in from China and for the most part seems to be from fishing boats.  The coastal walk is good, good paths and I have seen everything from flying fish, the women Abalone divers, wild cats, cute puppies to feed and dogs kept on short leads and some I'd say rarely fed (I feed them too). The selfie people are many along this walk it's quite comical to watch them all.
Clean
I really loved my day out to Gwakji Gwamul Beach with friends. There were a lot of families here too.
