Hamdeok Beach Life!
This excellent beach has a lil' bit of everything.  Located not far away from Jeju City/Airport, Hamdeok provides great atmosphere filled with Restaurants, Coffee Shops, waterfronts and one of the most beautiful sunsets in Korea! We sat down in the beachfront walk, cracked open a couple of beers and enjoy the evening breeze.  It was so cool watching people prepping their dinner and drinkin' some Soju while the sound of the waves and live music was heard across the darkness of the night.  We follow the music and found this young talented musician playing guitar and singing on front of a young crowd.  That was the Cherry on top of the Cake!  Stroll & Enjoy!
Nice area
Because Jeju is a volcanic island, it doesn’t have too many beaches relative to its 300 km of coastline.  Hamdeok Beach is one of the closest beaches to Jeju City.  It’s also one of the most picturesque in Jeju making it quite crowded when it’s warm enough to go into the water.  Unfortunately when we went there were a lot of seaweed washed up on the sand.  Despite the crowd, the parking lot was quite large and there is a good selection of cafes and restaurants nearby making it a decent visit even if you don’t go into the water.
Very beautiful beach
The beach has beautiful, clear  waters, and really nice cafe by the sea with good pastries and tea.We went there by Bus 101 from CJU airport followed by a short walk. There are tons of places to eat, such that you will be spoilt for choice near the beach . Easy to get a taxi there too. Parking lots are available too.Highly recommend this place for beach and sea lovers and those who enjoy coffee by the sea.
Perfect day at the beach
Although the weather wasn’t hot to swim yet, we have enjoyed the beach and it’s surrounding. Beautiful place for pictures, stroll around the area and food. Kids had fun playing in the sand.
Hamdeok Beach with Friends
Last summer, our school went to Hamdeok Beach as a field trip. The place was conserved very neat and clean. All of my friends were excited to play around. The beach was enormous and the water was green and blue, looking amazing. However, the weather made us suffer very much. The temperature on that day went up to 29 degree, and all of us were almost burned. I highly recommend that you guys go to Hamdeok Beach when the weather gets cooler.
Beach with emerald waters and great cafe
The beach has beautiful, clear emerald waters (the pictures doesn’t do the place justice as its much better experienced in person), and a really nice cafe by the sea with good pastries. We got there by Bus 101 from CJU airport followed by a short walk. Near the beach there are tons of places to eat, such that you will be spoilt for choice. Easy to hail a taxi there too for those who wants to travel to their next location  by cab. Parking lots available too for those who are driving.Highly recommend this place for beach and sea lovers and those who enjoy coffee by the sea.
Beautiful beach
Beautiful beach in jeju, street parking available and is free. nice scenery and good for kids. toilets available to washing off the sands after playing at the beach.
Stunning Beauty
Its winter now so there is no crowd at all except for the occassional photo maniacs. Beach and the clear blue water was out of this world but rubbish can be seen everywhere. My daughter went around picking up the rubbish cos it really did not do justice to the beauty.
Beautiful place with lots of cafes
Lovely lovely place with lots and lots of food options. Download naver and check them out. Google doesn't work very well in south Korea.
Good place to stay
I stayed 4 night in Hamdeok Beach. If you are visiting Jeju for the very first time, you might want to move around because Jeju is quite big. Hamdeok is a great location to start your trip. It takes 20 mins by car, 30~40 mins by bus from Jeju International airport. It has many bus lines which offers you easy access to Airprot, Mountain Halla, Jeju city centre and even Seogwipo. I love the beach itself, but also there are lots of place to eat and chill. If you like to camp, there is a camping & caravan park at the end of beach. I loved it !!
Hamdeok Beach Life!
This excellent beach has a lil' bit of everything.  Located not far away from Jeju City/Airport, Hamdeok provides great atmosphere filled with Restaurants, Coffee Shops, waterfronts and one of the most beautiful sunsets in Korea! We sat down in the beachfront walk, cracked open a couple of beers and enjoy the evening breeze.  It was so cool watching people prepping their dinner and drinkin' some Soju while the sound of the waves and live music was heard across the darkness of the night.  We follow the music and found this young talented musician playing guitar and singing on front of a young crowd.  That was the Cherry on top of the Cake!  Stroll & Enjoy!
Nice area
Because Jeju is a volcanic island, it doesn’t have too many beaches relative to its 300 km of coastline.  Hamdeok Beach is one of the closest beaches to Jeju City.  It’s also one of the most picturesque in Jeju making it quite crowded when it’s warm enough to go into the water.  Unfortunately when we went there were a lot of seaweed washed up on the sand.  Despite the crowd, the parking lot was quite large and there is a good selection of cafes and restaurants nearby making it a decent visit even if you don’t go into the water.
Very beautiful beach
The beach has beautiful, clear  waters, and really nice cafe by the sea with good pastries and tea.We went there by Bus 101 from CJU airport followed by a short walk. There are tons of places to eat, such that you will be spoilt for choice near the beach . Easy to get a taxi there too. Parking lots are available too.Highly recommend this place for beach and sea lovers and those who enjoy coffee by the sea.
Perfect day at the beach
Although the weather wasn’t hot to swim yet, we have enjoyed the beach and it’s surrounding. Beautiful place for pictures, stroll around the area and food. Kids had fun playing in the sand.
Hamdeok Beach with Friends
Last summer, our school went to Hamdeok Beach as a field trip. The place was conserved very neat and clean. All of my friends were excited to play around. The beach was enormous and the water was green and blue, looking amazing. However, the weather made us suffer very much. The temperature on that day went up to 29 degree, and all of us were almost burned. I highly recommend that you guys go to Hamdeok Beach when the weather gets cooler.
Beach with emerald waters and great cafe
The beach has beautiful, clear emerald waters (the pictures doesn’t do the place justice as its much better experienced in person), and a really nice cafe by the sea with good pastries. We got there by Bus 101 from CJU airport followed by a short walk. Near the beach there are tons of places to eat, such that you will be spoilt for choice. Easy to hail a taxi there too for those who wants to travel to their next location  by cab. Parking lots available too for those who are driving.Highly recommend this place for beach and sea lovers and those who enjoy coffee by the sea.
Beautiful beach
Beautiful beach in jeju, street parking available and is free. nice scenery and good for kids. toilets available to washing off the sands after playing at the beach.
Stunning Beauty
Its winter now so there is no crowd at all except for the occassional photo maniacs. Beach and the clear blue water was out of this world but rubbish can be seen everywhere. My daughter went around picking up the rubbish cos it really did not do justice to the beauty.
Beautiful place with lots of cafes
Lovely lovely place with lots and lots of food options. Download naver and check them out. Google doesn't work very well in south Korea.
Good place to stay
I stayed 4 night in Hamdeok Beach. If you are visiting Jeju for the very first time, you might want to move around because Jeju is quite big. Hamdeok is a great location to start your trip. It takes 20 mins by car, 30~40 mins by bus from Jeju International airport. It has many bus lines which offers you easy access to Airprot, Mountain Halla, Jeju city centre and even Seogwipo. I love the beach itself, but also there are lots of place to eat and chill. If you like to camp, there is a camping & caravan park at the end of beach. I loved it !!
Beautiful beach
Visited at mid-day in August.  It was very hot but beautiful.  had a picnic near the carpark and took a stroll along the trail on the east end of the beach. There is a small freshwater spring on the beach at the start of the trail
Beautiful
Even on a cloudy rainy day it is still beautiful.  The waters were clean. There are restaurants and cafes lining the beach.  Free fountain to clean feet.
Beautiful views and friendly people!
This beach was absolutely breathtaking! The sparkling fine sand, emerald clear water, and green hills all around made for a perfect beach day! Unlike what was stated in previous reviews from July 2019, we never had any problems with being able to swim freely and as far out as desired. There was also no line set out not to cross. This is the first beach I've been to with provided shading tents and umbrellas, but it was definitely nice for when we wanted a short break from the sun! We also never had to pay to use these, so I'm not sure if that is something only done during the busy season. The beach was not over crowded, especially at low tide, and it was easy to find little secluded areas if you wanted to be away from the majority of people. Locals were walking and swimming around to clean up trash, so it was honestly one of the cleanest beaches I have been to! Plenty of yummy restaurants to eat at, as well as bars for those wanting to stay out late and still have a view of the water. Be warned, there are no stores close by that sell towels, sunglasses, or other beach essentials, so make sure you are fully prepared! Definite "must see" while in JeJu!
Let’s go to the beach
It’s a very busy beach but it has lots of lifeguards which is always a good thing to know. The only reason why I am rating this beach a 4 is because there’s a lot of trash which is very sad. Other than that it is fun to play at(they also rent out tubes).
Only good for kids. Lifeguards ruined the experience
Hamdeok is perhaps the most popular beach in Jeju but this was the first time I visited the island on summer during peak season. The beach is packed with families who took advantage of the low tide during the day (about ~30cm of water in a 50m stretch, at least on two weeks while was there) and let the kids in the water for a very enjoyable and risk-free time at the ocean.However I was surprised by the amount of "lifeguards" there. They will drag a security rope marking a no-swin zone after it starts getting "deep" (just after the water reaches your chest) which ok its a security measure specially with so many kids, but for adults who want to take a dip is horrible. They will start blowing their whistle and order you to go back even though half my body was above water.But the worst part is that they -- the lifeguards -- place beach umbrellas all across the beach and charge you ₩20000 (~20USD) to open and use them! It's already very weird that the lifeguards are also operating a rental service at the beach, but thing is they will NOT allow you to sit anywhere near them without paying (even not using the damn umbrellas) unless you look foreigner (white) so they don't loose face. I don't so I got reprimended like if was a Korean and they wouldn't leave my side until I moved.Isn't the beach a public space? This didn't happen just once but every day during my time there, overall an awful experience due to these threatening and autoritharian lifeguards.
Not worth it if you intend to swim
Nice looking beach and lovely water, but don’t recommend if you want to swim. Lifeguards are over authoritarian and you’re only allowed in a 10x10 square with many other people (who have inflatables)! We had a pretty bad experience here where the lifeguards seemed to be picking on us for no reason. Also not allowed to sit/walk on certain parts of the beach. Overall poor experience only saved but spotted an octopus!
Hamdeok
Cute little beach. Hamdeoks a nice area to chill out with a lot of cafes by the beach and you can eat with a view of the ocean. Koreans are not very big on swimming but you can jump in and go for a quick dip yourself. Only down side is sometimes there can be a bit of rubbish around. But recommended for a day trip
Beautiful, just beautiful
The beautif beach is lined with numerous hotels and restaurants. There are also activities like kayaking available. Do go there early at least before 10am to avoid the crowd.Easily accessible by public bus, it stops right in front of the beach entrance.
Nice place to relax but small beach
Ample parking space is what stood out when we parked our vehicle. Lots of restaurants across the road from beach. Family friendly. Good place to swim or just relax on the beach. Observed one strange thing that the sand on major part of the beach was covered with mesh. We were told it was to prevent it from flying off due to strong winds
Hamdeok Beach
Very beautiful beach for a short visit. Spend some time at the cafe , drink coffee and have some amazing bread
Picturesque but too windy
The beach was very beautiful. It has clear blue water and there were several restaurants and cafe where you can sit and enjoy the view. It was too windy when we visited though and the sand was everywhere. Spring may not be the best time to visit.
Very beautiful beach!
Amazing blue waters.  Be sure to Go to the delmoondo cafe there. Saw families catching small crabs there too.
Nice run in the morning
Around 6.30 am there is no traffic and the road along the coast is nice for a morning run. Lots of volcanic stones.
Day trip from Jeju
Our first place of visit on Jeju Island. Took a 40min cab ride from Jeju. Later learnt about how Jeju intercity bus worked and took the bus after. Taxi ride was reasonable about US$10, getting a cab was a little tricky. Took a short walk up the hill overlooking the bay. And enjoyed a nice pastry breakfast at the cafe and bakery.
I definitely will stay here again
Stayed at Hotel at hamdeok beach, and i definitely didnt regret it though it is little far. But, the beach view is definitely worth it.
nice beach
Well, it is a beach. With bus 101 roughly 15 minutes away from Jeju city.As far as I remember the beach feature something like a free gym and a few toilets.I did not see much of changing facilities, showers or lockers near the beach.In my view Hamdeok Beach is less good than the beaches in Busan.During my time in Hamdeok Beach I saw three surfers who practiced their skill.
Small beach for swimming and fun on the water
First stop for sight seeing in jeju and found the beach was crowded, specially family with children. Went straight to Delmondo cafe to have a better view and it was also pretty crowded at the deck with chairs facing the beach. Looked for facility to change and for shower as the water was tempting clear and the weather hot. Sadly, only found changing room but no shower facility.
Lovely sands and inviting seas
Lovely bay with 3 beaches. Cafes and bars back the beaches. Sands are white and seas lovely turquoise and blue. Very accessible.
I recommend here...
We got so much help from the people to get here on the first day in Jeju. The view was really great and we felt released to enjoy the wind when walking through the trail. The horses and goats look so cozy around the trail.
Amazing view
We didn't plan to visit this beach. We had reserved a photoshoot at one location, and the photographer brought us here. We were amazed at the scenic view of the beach and spent almost half of our day. There are restroom and shower room near to the beach. Unfortunately, the shower room was locked.
Chill and amazing view
That was the first place we visited after arriving at Jeju. Really enjoyed the chill atmosphere. In September, the weather was windy and a bit cool but still loved it. We also stopped by at Delmoondo cafe.
Calm and relaxing
Beautiful beach where you can just relax and enjoy the scenery. Good for families but could get crowded.
Beautiful Beach
Water was crystal clear - not too cold. Many great restaurants nearby. Floats available for rent. It was a little busy, but not too crazy.
One of my favorite beaches anywhere
This beach is a good one.  The sand is soft and powdery and the clear water very gradually gets deep which allows us to comfortably walk unusually far into the ocean.  The other special characteristic is that there is a big change from low tide to high tide.  The high tide, which occurred around 10 pm when we were there, completely covers up a pretty large beach area.  It's pretty fascinating.  The food and drink shops near the beach were a bit of a letdown for us because they were overpriced.
My favorite Jeju beach
Spent the day here after going to to the Tuff Cone. I like how they have a lot of business by the beach and how the main beach is enclosed like a cove.  You have either the option to pay to sit under an umbrella, I believe it was 20,000 KRW for all day or you can just go find a shaded area to sit by the rocks.  We chose to latter as you wouldn’t be in the sun and didn’t have to spend the 20,000 KRW.  The water is beautiful and clear, there are plenty of lifeguards at the beach, and it’s a family oriented beach.
The calmest beach in Jeju
Because of the location in the north part of the island, Hamdeok beach is the calmest beach ever that you can find. It is good for you to earn how to swim because it does not so much wave. Best time to visit: Fall (summer is too hot in Korea)
Beautiful beach
Come with my little girl, stayed at the hotel besides the beach.It is very hot in jeju in july, 35 degree in the afternoon.  We went to the beach at noon, water is clear and cool and the sand is smooth.Rental of umbrella and shelter at 25000w and 100000w respectively.  It is recommended to bring your own shelter.
Worth a stroll even if you don't go for a dip
It is a beautiful beach. Very crowded but still has space for moving around. Don't worry about jam-packed squeeze, no, it's not. But might be hard to get a umbrella table to occupy if you're going for a dip. A stroll is strongly recommended even if you don't swim.
It’s a Beach
It is an average beach, nothing special. The water wasn’t warm.  There is a lot of sand, not just rocks as in some areas of Jeju.
What a beachy beach.
I am in love with Hamdeok.  I have been so for over 6 years now.  The water is often sparkling blue and green.  The sand is soft.  The sunsets there are fantastic.  Plenty of activities to do/food to eat/drinks to drink.Pro Tip:  Head up to the oreum on the right of the beach for a fantastic view!
Beach is clean and water is clear
This is a beautiful white sand beach. Although there were many local tourist, no one was swimming so I was not sure what was happening. The beachfront is lined with restaurants and hotels. Even the night scene was beautiful with the lighted building. I would recommend visiting this place when you are in Jeju
Busy but beautiful
I live quite close to this beach and really love it. On days ending on 1 and 6, there is a traditional market which is nice. Many restaurants to choose from, as well as an Olive Young, Spanish restaurant, Starbucks, etc however I prefer buying CU drinks and sitting in the sand. Sunset is AMAZING here.
white sand
this beach is very shallow up to 1 km from the shore with white sand. basically quite safe even for those who are not good smimmers and kids
We love it
This is so amazing beach to walking around and relax even 11 pm we still walk and feel so peaceful and good food and good clean bar I always stay here when ever come to jeju and you can take the bus anywhere you want to go around jeju it’s beautiful island and I am from Hawaii tham you know what I mean alright
Beautiful Beach
A fun beach, with lots of shallows for swimming and playing in the water.  The park is well kept, there are great coffee shops and restaurants. A very nice sandy beach which is hard to find in Jeju.
Just awesome beach
this is the nice beach evervi seen, all water us so clean.beside have lots of resturant , hotel.. mini shop
Must Visit
We went to visit many beaches during this trip. This is the only one we visited twice and would love to come again in the future to stay around this area! Nice cafe by the beach, nice trial you can climb up and many great photo spots! Don’t miss this spot when you visit Jeju!
Beautiful Beach, Great Photo Spot
It’s an easy drive from Jeju City. There’s a nice park and some restaurants and stores. I was there in February and it was cold, windy, and even snowing, but the beach was still beautiful with the black cliffs and the white sand. I’m sure it’d be perfect in warmer weather!
Evening stroll
Lovely beach for an evening visit. Clean, picturesque view with nice cafes around . Would recommend a visit 😊
Beautiful water and nice hiking
This was rated as one of the top 3 to visit in Jeju so we actually stayed at the nearby Airstay Hamdeok Hotel.  It  was very nice.  The beach is clean and had pristine waters and black rocks.  The sand was fine and felt good to walk on with your bare feet.  There were some really nice picturesque views so we took a ton of photos. There was a connected path to a hill and it allowed for some decent small hikes.  We went in March so the flowers on the hill were blooming with yellow and purple colors.  There were also some white flower blossoms coming out from the trees. With the ocean or the city views in the background from the hill, it allowed for some very unique photos for your memories.  After the little hike, we played around in the water on the beach and it was nice because it was low tide and you could hang out in one of the exposed sand bars. It was very pretty and relaxing. Definitely a must see if you're in Jeju!
Beautiful beach in Jeju island
You could enjoy your holiday in jeju island.specially hamduck beach is the best.Come and see it and relax at Jeju island !!!
beautiful
beautiful beach, clear waters witha great view. a cafe is nearby where you can sit by the beachside and enjoy a hot cup of coffee with some nice pastries
Nice enjoyable view (emerald green sea)
This place is accessible (1.5 hours away from Jeju Bus Terminal/Airport by bus 101.  It was too cold to swim in october (and I didn't bring my trunks) but I hope to swim here another time!  Cafe Delmoondo is just next to the beach - I went there cos I needed to use the toilet (and bought an ice-cream just to be a customer), but food was so good there I ended up having lunch!  This is a nice place to hang out if you are staying in N Jeju because it was not too crowded (at least not in october), and because the view was really nice (the sea was emerald green, as the blogs say, and quite breathtaking)
Best beach
I would rate this the best swimming and relaxing beach on Jeju. It is really beautiful with 3 different beaches to enjoy. As there are 3 it is generally not as crowded as other beaches. There is also a hill to climb and many food and drink options. A Really wonderful place
Breath-takingly beautiful
We stumble upon this beach enroute to the caves. We didnt regret it a bit. The view is stunning and one of the most beautiful beach we have ever seen.
White Sand Beach
Not a lot to see at this time. Probably a lot more activity during the summer season. Nice sandy beach.
Nice day spent
We spent a very nice day at the beach. Nice white sand, warm water. There is a place to rent lifejackets and floating articles. Not too much people in september.A lot of pkaces to eat/have a drink nearby.
Beautiful beach
Beautiful beach and surroundings!Very clean and vivid colours 👍You can also try some water sports here, but seems like you had to stay around the renting area
Nice little beach
Its a nice beach, a bit small, lots of kids but nice. When we went the waves weren't very large, so didn't bother going in the water. But we walked around and there's a nice park nearby.
Just a little beach
Nothing really interesting, just a small sandy beach with lots of koreans taking a swimm and playing....
A very fine beach to laze about
Spent several afternoons here. When you have nice sunny weather for the day the beach is a good place for young kids - the water is calm and clear. Highly recommended.
beautiful beach with poor facilities
No shower only feet wash. Only white people into the sea. I think there is no bikini sold in Jehu. If you want to meet bikini girl, go Taiwan. Only white people wear a bikini here. Even kids not. There is water activities center with cannon, crab boat, surfing boat. But no business today.
Popular lively beach
Great beach for walking, swimming and relaxing. Volleyball tournament there once a year :) Many great places to eat and stay in the area.
Beautiful beach
The best we have seen in Jeju.Though the water was a bit too cold for us to swim, it's great for wading during low tide.You can even rent clear bottom kayak to paddle around.There are lots of convenient stores, burger and coffee places and other local eateries around there.Definitely worth a visit.
Awesome beach
Not easy to find a nice beach on Jeju, but this one is one of not many. Really beautiful, wasn't crowded while we were there, many restaurants nearby.
Best beach In Jeju.
There are 3 beaches here , also a hiking trail where u can see horses on the cliffs. just the perfect family spot.
Try avoiding the area crowded... like a kids' swimming pool.
The main part of this beach is full of kids and you will need to pay to sit on the beach...(there are table services). Also, the area is restricted. You can only go to a certain area. Instead, if you go to another part, which is 10mins by walk, you can enjoy more and free to sit... This beach does not have many waves.
Safe. Beach
The depth of water is shallow after u swim. towards ocean for 100 meter u can still stand on the sand
small & clean water
small & clean water but sand just so so. since cloudy so that the color not too significant but still well enough. one of jeju beach but i don't see quite much special on it.
Smaller than I thought
Very small beach. Lots of families attending the beach as well. Pretty easy to get to by bus. Worth seeing.
Too crowded unless you like showing off
A super crowded place. I do not recommend it unless you like crowded beaches to show off or meet :)The infrastructure are fine (drinks, food, etc)
Relaxing at Hamdeok Beach
A nice beach with white & fine sand. We were having our relaxing tea time at Cafe Delmoondo,  admiring the scenic view of the beach.
Lovely empty beach in June
The beach is next to the main hotel area and suitable for swimming. It has soft white sand, mixed with some lava stones (where small crabs hide). At my visit it was almost empty even though the water was warm and very clear.
A Great Beach,
This really is a great beach, one of the best on the island, a fantastic place to camp or hire one of the caravans there.
A day out
A nice day out in the beach. Lots of people playing beach volleyball. One can spend an afternoon enjoying coffee and the ocean
A fantastic beach
It's a very long beach with very gentle slope; you can walk pretty far towards the sea. The water is clear and has very beautiful blue color. The nearby hill offers a (short) trail and a fantastic view, both towards the sea and Mt. Halla.
Nice beach
Nice small beach. Clear water. We had sunny day so the beach and water together  was very beautiful. Have a walk there it improves your day.
Olle trail to beach
we stayed at Black sands area and walked by Oll trail 18-19 to this beach. beach looks nice although water is cold and of course could not enjoy it fully. lots of restaurants around obviously overpriced for coming tourists.
Cute little beach!
Small area with lovely white sands - not good for swimming on a windy day, but the views are great and there were no crowds. Some small food shops close by and you are close to walking trails and terrific rock scapes by the water. Loads of plastic rubbish and litter take away much of the beauty of the place, but it is still very worth a visit.
Hawaii-type beaches
We visited on a particularly windy day which made it unfit for swimming. However, the landscape itself was great to look at, especially the black volcanic rock contrasting with the white sand and turquoise waters. I'm sure this beach would be stunning in better weather.
Wonderful, quiet beach!
I loved Hamdeok Beach. We live in China and visited during Golden Week, assuming the rest of China would follow us to Jeju (as is typical during ANY holiday traveling in China) and we were pleasantly surprised to find that there were little to no Chinese tourists, or really any tourists in the neighborhood. It was quiet, clean and so peaceful! I would return again in a heartbeat.
Beautiful little beach with nice view and a hipster coffee- and snackbar nearby
Not that big, but a nice place to stay on a sunny day. In april it was not that crowded. You got a beautiful view on the Ocean, the green hill you can climb (part of the Ole Trail - a lot of handy paths) and the vulcano rocks where a lot of married couples are getting their pictures. Also a plus: the Café Belmoondo (not a typo) with rather high priced but delicious drinks & food and a beautiful terrace. Funny fact: there are a lot of wide plastic rags on the sand: easy to walk and sit, but a rather strange view.
Lovely Beach
I go here every day to walk up the steep hill to the right of the beach for exercise.  It's the start of the No. 19 Olle Trail.  I usually always see bride and grooms having their photos taken on the beach and in the fields of rapeseed.  Views from the top of the hill are amazing.  Sometimes if there are horses around I'll pick grass and feed them in exchange for a little pat and nuzzle from them.  If you look carefully there are quite a few different flowers around.  If you pick a green rapeseed that hasn't yet flowered and peel the stalk you can eat the stalk.  It tastes like sweet brocalli.  The cherry blossoms are lovely there too if you happen to be there in early April.  The water is clear.  I like to feed and water some of the stray dogs.  It kills me that I can't give them a home.  They appreciate a bit of a cuddle too but you can see their priority is getting food.  There are some very good restaurants in Hamdeok as well.  Ive put a pic of one of the ones on the main street of Hamdeok. .its a local one that serves a set menu at lunch time and its very good.  The sunsets are spectacular.
Nice beach to walk around
Very pretty beach on a sunny day. The colour of the water is so beautiful. Nicely prep walkway all along the whole beach area. Lots of places for coffee and a quick lunch. We had dinner at a local eatery, the owner was nice and friendly.  He helped BBQ our black skin pork belly for us. So yummy with water Kimchi and beer.
Amazing
It's not hot or cold and the water is warm. It's gorgeous, you can really go far in the water and it's not deep and you can see all the way to the bottom. I'm coming back tomorrow for another swim. Worth the visit!
Typhoon :(
We were here in October, so we weren't swimming. We drove by here one day to check it out, a day or two after a typhoon hit, and the beach was trashed a bit (just from trees and debris and stuff), but people were cleaning it up and there were still lots of people enjoying the beach. It looks like a nice place to spend a day, and there seemed to be a bunch of restaurants and cafes dotting the beach as well. We stopped at one of the cafes for a coffee and to enjoy the view of the water for a bit.
Great beach
Great beach Great viewsAnd amazing picture spotsI recommend having a coffee at a cafe dolmondo ..  there which is right over the beach Beautiful scenery
The water is crazyy blue
Thought I was in the Carribean. The beach is segmented into small sections but beautiful nonetheless.
Beautiful and clean beach
Visited Hamdeok Beach (함덕해수욕장) with my boyfriend. We took a walk around the beach. It was really windy and cold. The wind was strong. The beach is very clean and beautiful. The waters are clear. We took some pictures there and we happened to see couple having wedding photoshoot (with the beautiful scenery).Many people from various age groups visited this beach. It is a nice place to take a walk and chill out. There are hotels, shops, convenience stores, cafes and restaurants nearby the beach. There is also public toilet nearby the beach (near the carpark). We drove there. It is very convenient and we can get some snacks while chilling out there.
Offers series of activities all along beach
Even though it was rainy weather during the days spent in Jeju, hamdeok beach compensated for the bad weather with with pretty coastline, wide range of eateries, cafes and also an olle-gil trail to explore the area. Drive along the coastline for a scenic view too. We stayed in co'op City hotel for a night, comfortable hotel where offers guest free beer in the evening. Beach area is less than 30mins drive to Jeju airport.
Morning breeze, blue sky
Went in the morning. The view is breathtaking. Must visit. Korean artists love this place for a good reason. Featured in some korean shows as well. It's very pretty. Packed some sandwiches, lay a mat, have a breakfast and feel the breeze.
Jeju Hamdeaok Beach
The beach area as well as the water are looking clean. The sand is white. We did not go in since it was late October. The view is nice and the neighbourhood has shops and restaurants available. There is a coffee shop directly at the beach where you can rest if you find a place to rest. Usually the shop is quite crowded. At night time some fireworks ongoing. We had the Golden Tulip hotel and we were enjoying the view to the beach every morning.
Probably the best beach on Jeju.
We went to three or four different beaches on the island and this one hands down is the best. We didn't swim as it was in September already but spent a couple of hours strolling on the boardwalk. There are plenty of eateries across the street from the beach and some were on the beach side as well. The view was fantastic and definitely worth a visit. Also, parking was quite easy as well. We stopped for coffee (of course) and sweets at the nice coffee shop right on the beach before leaving and sitting there drinking coffee and watching sunset was a real treat.
Small clean beach
We went there after a typhoon so beach was a little mixed up. It was a bit too windy for comfortable swimming, but all in all the cafes around the place and the atmosphere on the beach were good. And it was easy to get there from jeju city with buses. We visited in the beginning of October and it was still warm enough for just relaxing on the beach.
Nice small beach
First thing we've noticed is how civilized this beach is - loads of restaurants, shops , cafes nearby. We were lucky enough to visit it in September, when holiday season is over for majority of Korean guys - so, it was not that crowded. Water was very clean and the only downside, that it was already a little bit cold. If you walk few hundred meters in a right hand direction from the main beach (towards the hill), you would see a camping ground with even smaller strip of sand - and we were absolutely alone there.
Relaxing retreat
Really nice beach with a lot of restaurants near by.The water was really clear and the beach was clean so good for snorkeling and swimming.
Nice Beach to Chillout
Had a long bikecycle trip from Jeju-do city to which I ended at this beach.It's like a small bay with white sand beach. was pretty crowded although it wasn't the season. water sport wasn't operational
Great spot for a postcard picture
This place is truly breathtaking, it was easy to get here by taxi or bus from the main terminal. Once you arrive you'll be mesmerized by the beauty of this beach. It's also a good option for a rainy day as there are lots of cafes nearby to shelter you from the weather but still be able to enjoy the view.
Beautiful Beach
After the unpleasant beach at Udo, arriving at Hamdeok beach was a delight. With just a short trip from Jeju city this little beach village is amazing. With many restaurants and cafes along the water, one could spend a nice long day here. The water is nice and clean with showers and changing rooms available nearby.
Lovely place
Lovely place (June). Water was warm and beautiful. Walk a little bit and you will find more places and not so crowded. There aren't many restaurants for foreigners. I recommend to try the burgers at the red container (can't remember the name). If you don't enjoy fireworks, better don't do after 7pm. There are better things to see and do in Jeju but some people don't understand that!!!
Happy at Hamdeok
Peaceful and clean.  The water was refreshing.  The sand was fine.  The sun was shining and it just doesn't get much better than playing on this beach!  Perfect tide pools for small children to play in.  Snorkeling for the grown ups.  Plenty of places to eat and drink nearby.  Just lovely!
Beach like a pool
Very very nice beach! It is a must!!! We loved it and also my kids. If I could I'll spend more visits to this place. My kids didn't want to leave!
Nice beach, clean water
Beautiful beach, many people during summer but still acceptable. Very good for children because the water is very shallow. The only thing i didn't like ia that i couldn't even cool down in the water because it was so hot, like in a bath tub.There is no sunlounger, so if you want to tan, you need a mat.
Murky and seaweedy water, the color looked nothing like the pictures
The area of the beach is nice but the sandy part and the open water space is soooo small... You cannot even go for a swim here. The water was dirty and full of water plants. I honestly thinking every beach in Europe is way more attractive than this. Italy, Greece, Croatia....Have they actually seen clear azure waters?! If this is jejus prettiest beach then im really sorry for koreans
Volcanic Rock on beach
I guess we are spoilt in Australia, was taken here whilst on a business trip to Jej-do island by Koreans , though it was nothing special unfortunately. But as I said we are spoilt for beaches in Aust.
Nice beach not far from Jeju city
The beach is beautiful on a sunny day - calm, clean, safe and relaxing. Suitable for couples or family with seniors/kids. We got there by bus no. 10 from the city. Very convenient with good facilities. You pay a small fee to shower otherwise the usual toilets are available if you just want to have a change of clothes. If it rains there are plenty of cafes to take shelter at.We spent a few hours at the beach in the afternoon and had a seafood banquet for dinner at one of the many restaurants close by during sunset.
Just a beach...
The beach was fine and no rocks, but a lot of seaweed. The water was clear and very shallow, so it's good for kids, but I was a bit bored since I like to play in the waves.I think they should clean the beach more often since I found too much trash around
great beach
Nice beach not far away from the airport. Too overcrowded during the swimming season in Korea, you can find stores and places to eat around the beach.
A chilling place
The beach is nice, clean and not too crowded but a bit small. Many hotels and villas are located along this beach. Therefore, if you want to be stick on it, just take one hotel here, normally just 5 minutes walking. A good place to relax and have romantic time.
Beautiful white sand and clear blue water
This beach is a great place for tourists! Upon arriving there are lots of vendors with delicious food and things you might need for the beach (towels, hats, beach mats, swim suits, booze, etc). The main beach is usually very crowded (understandably). I like to go to the beach to the right, it's just a 5 minute walk on the sidewalk, clearly visible with a clear understanding it's leading to another beach. This part of the beach seems to be less crowded with all of the same benefits! Great place to relax, enjoy the sun, and swim in the water!
A peace of heaven on Earth
What a place! Blue ocean with white sand. Breathtaking view. It's really a great place for couple. Should use taxi for going there for shorten time.
Small beach with good view
C1 ( 2016.07.12 ) This beach was smaller than I think, but there had good view and fresh air. Many people enjoyed sea bathing, and well managed, I think. The view with beach and cliff was beautiful, and many famous restaurant and cafe was operating. Good beach in Jeju area.
Very Relaxing Beach
This beach is just right in front of my hotel (Golden Tulip) and this is a very calm and relaxing beach to walk around.There were not many people and I went there during the late afternoon so the weather is not too hot and it was very very nice.
Relaxing beach
Pretty beach and calm water. It's nice to sit and chill by Cafe Delmoondo.  We spent hours here.  You can just sit or walk on a trail or the street with restaurants.
crystal clear  water
The beach is superb front of my hotel. Just walking 5 minutes.. a lot of restaurant here. The water is so cool and an amazing view. Not so crowded.
Great holiday chill place
Came here to checkout the views and totally loved it. A nice small town to chill at with lots of parking if you're driving. Many restaurants, cafes and food trucks along the beach. Beautiful white sand and blue waters. Not crowded. Definitely coming back here! Didn't get enough of it.
Jeju's Secret!!!
We only spent 4 nights in Jeju and happened to pass by this place on our way to the city center. We decided to spend half a day soaking up the sun. These 5 hours were a highlight! The town was pretty quiet and the beach wasn't too crowded. Beautiful views! There was a nice restaurant on the water to get snacks. Water was refreshing! Note: I noticed a camp ground on the far right side of the beach. Cool idea for the future. BE AWARE there are very large spiders over near that boardwalk. Yikes!
Serene small beach
Hamdeok can be reached from airport by bus or taxi in 30 minutes. There are many hotels, convenient stores and restaurants in that area so We can get accommodation easily.We were staying at Ramada Hamdeok, about 1 km walking distance from the beach. Strolling at sunset time was very enjoyable. Nice weather, nice view, not too crowded. Just fine.We were hanging out until dinner time, took barbecued seafoods at outdoor table by the beach. To order the food and communicate need extra effort because we can only speak english, but the Resto staff can speak mandarin well. The food was good, drinking some soju and babunja make us warm...
i love blue sea
Hamduk Beach is very wide in Jeju-do.This beach's color blue and clean.I swam and swam and swam.There are many pub and food-court.
In love
There are no words to describe the beauty of this beach. OMG a little piece of heaven. The water, the sand, the view was soooo beautiful and peaceful. Loved it!!!!I'm a girl who grow up  on a beautiful Mediterranean island and Hamdeok beach made me feel like home!!! Please take me back there!!!
Beautiful beach to chill but...
It was pretty cold even in May at the beach due to the strong winds. No one was there to swim but still it's a beautiful place to snap pictures and nice cafes surrounding the beach to simply chill and relaxI do not if I was there too early b4 the cleaners or .. Anyway the beach line was littered with trash and full of seaweeds making the walk on the shoreline kinda displeasing.
What a beautiful beach
Had a few hours before catching flight, chose this beach because of location, but turns out it was a good choice. the rocks, and clear water was something you do not see in the US
A place worth Revisiting
We come from a country surrounded by beaches but this one for us - topped it all. Its so calming with its cliffs overlooking the ocean. One can go up the mountain trail or can just sit along the benches near the cliff. The beach has white sand and during low tide one can walk far . For us, this beach is worth revisiting.
I must have been in a different place.
I was underwhelmed by this place (and the island in general) but then I live in Thailand and am used to great beaches. There is nothing special here, I certainly saw no "white sand" and "turquoise water." Just a very average beach and an overpowering smell of the seaweed they harvest here. I would skip this - and Jeju altogether frankly.
One of our favourite beaches
This beach, East of Jeju city, on the North coast, is a real gem. Our favourite part is the smaller bay to the East of the main beach. You can rent a static caravan right on the beach there, with an unbeatable, uninterrupted view of the sea. Great snorkelling around the rocks to the right and you can walk up the small oreum further to the right. The main beach has a good eatery that sells Western food and Stella Artois!
A beach that has everything you'd want in a beach
I hadn't heard all that much about this beach and I was really pleasantly surprised, in a big way. The beach itself is fairly wide, and the sand is great. Moreover, the water is crystal clear, and the water is warm, so if you actually want to go swimming, it's a great spot (unfortunately I didn't have enough time). But this place is more than just a beach. Right behind the beach is a nice little town so it is lively and you have shops and dining options there. On the beach you have a nice fancy  coffeeshop that is perfectly located, directly overlooking the sea. Add to that the rocks on each side of the beaches, as well as the small mountain to the East, so this place is not only perfect for relaxing, but also for taking pictures.
White sand beach
A small beach. Crystal clear water. The wind was very strong when we visited that area. As it was winter, nobody was in the water.
Best Beach in JeJu!
This place was AWESOME!!! Do yourself a favor though -- stay at the resort that is immediately there. We didn't and regretted it for 4 straight days ... This beach is really good and we spent 6-8 hours there a day!
Gorgeous day!
This place was gorgeous! It is a Korean beach so it is crowded please keep that in mind. I am a Floridian and we have some of the best and most peaceful beaches on earth. But this, even for me, was truly an experience. One the amount of people was impressive but less crowded than Busan beach. Try to get here early and pay the money for the umbrella spot. They all cost the same, but you wanna be in the first row so you can see the water.The water is truly beautiful. The color is very different than floridan green blue waters. The ocean here is the deepest darkest blue I've ever seen, and the part that meets the beach is a light bright crystal blue. There are many families and watching the kids is really cute. We spent a lot of time floating around. Next time I would bring a float so we could inner tube around like the locals did.You can order food and the vendors or restaurants will bring them to your umbrella.Fried chicken is a must for Koreans on the beach. We actually were super hungry before going (next time we will do it differently) so we went to Korean food chain Mom's Touch that serves amazing crispy fried chicken in bbq glaze with pickled radishes. So on the beach we got ice cream and fresh fruits.Warning for travelers: more of a cultural heads up. There are showers- like beaches in America have...you do have to pay to use them, but there are no private changing rooms or showers it's all a show for anyone to see. Now it is gender separated, but don't be shocked to find you'll have to strip down in front of strangers. My husband is Korean and didn't warn me, but it was too late once I walked in, plus he already paid for my shower and I really needed a shower. But here's the thing you'll notice that no one cares about you, and no one looks at anyone. Just shower off, do your thing and you'll be outta there in no time. If this is too much for you to handle...then skip the shower and head back to your place to shower in your comfort level.
Nice beach
I came in October so i cannot swim here but seeing only the beach has satisfied me. It is a nice beach with white sand, water is very clean and clear. It would be nice if i can come back here in summer.
Hamdeok Beach
Hamdeok Beach is really splendid! Clear aquamarine water, super fine sand, mountain in the  background.... the view is to die for! You will find beautiful volcanic rocks all around the area. There's a bridge that stretches out into the sea that gives you an even more fantastic view. A must visit if you are in Jeju!
Beautiful
Hamdeok Beach is a beautiful beach, we came there in the the late afternoon, a bit cold but still can swimming. It's very quiet & not touristy, well worth a visit!
Really great relaxing beach
My friends and I spent an afternoon at the beach. It was really not crowded, but probably because of the weather. It was windy which was nice to sleep on the beach but not to go in the water.Lots of foreigners and families, the atmosphere is really relaxing !
Nice Beach
Since it is October it is a bit too cool to swim but there were some people in the water.  The beach was empty.  The temperature was only around 24 but it t was a beautiful day.  There are a lot of places to grab a coffee or have a meal.  Good place to stop off on a round the island drive!
Pretty beach
I stayed at Daemyung resortThere was a hamdeok beach right next to the resort.I didn't expect to be this prettyThere wasn't many people so it was good to enjoy the beach
Nice Hamdeok beach
Nice Hamdeok beach! This beach is so clean and qiute large. Now I can say where is beautiful beach. People is so kind and there are many convenient facilities near.
Three in one
There are in fact three beaches: one for little children with soft and smooth waters, one for surfers and one for swimmers
Fun in the Sun
This was a great beach and was easy to get to with a bus station right on the corner. Entrance was lined with a variety of vendors and there was a supermarket, well stocked in case you forgot something. There were many stores and restaurants nearby to quench your post-swim hunger. The beach was quite nice, water felt great and overall was pretty clean. The shower/bathroom area wasn't that good, but we didn't expect it to be.
Great afternoon fun with kayaks
Another great beach but this time with more cafes and restaurants right outside.  There's also a supermarket right to the left of the entrance.  There's a nice boardwalk to stroll, and kayaks to rent.
Surprisingly clean water of turquoise color.
amazing landscape. A nice spot to take beautiful pictures of tranquil waters with pitch black rocks and white sand. Walk right from the main entrance till the end, you will fine some nice restaurants and cheaper places to stay. From there you can climb the hill and get the whole picture of Hamdeok area.
Dirty, bad showers, but acceptable.
This beach was actually quite dirty when I went. The sand and the sea were littered with trash some jerks must have thrown in there. There were clearly employees around who weren't picking it up. Had I a trash bag, I would have done it myself! I swam anyway, the water was cool and such. There were pretty awful showers (basically a HUGE ROOM with no privacy) for 2,000 won.
It's a beach
It's like any other turist beach - plus side is though it's fairly more clean than your average turist beach.
very clean
very clean and not too crowded. the water is clean but a little cold. places to eat close by. be ready that the tide is around 7 pm )
Beautiful beach
The beach is so clear as same as the sand and it's so beautiful. Also the black lava rock is looking good. Don't forget to looking for "haenyeo" which is the female divers.
Relaxing and beautiful
We arrived at the beach late in the afternoon after hiking up Hallasan. It was lovely to relax, rest our aching feat and watch the sunset. It made for some beautiful photos!
first time seeing white sand blue water beach
this is the only white sand blue water beach in Korea. So i was pretty excited to see it. Its quite shallow and you can easily play around. Its well maintained just like alll other beaches in korea. there is life guard always on duty. Careful while walking near the stones.
Crystal Clear Water!
I really like the view of the beach! Really crystal clear water and white sand... From the briedge you can have a really beautiful landscape view and it contains the Jeju's famous rock statues becoming a nice place to take some pictures.There is not so much things to do there, just enjoy the view and relax!
My favorite beach in Jeju
I love that this beach tends to to have many waves, and is located within walking distance of places to stay and eat. The water is warm and clear,and theres a fantastic BBQ place over the little bridge to the right of the beach. I've returned to this beach both times I've come to Jeju! The sand is fantastic!
Niceeeee
it was the first beach i went to korea. Although it is quite small. But not bad. Very clean and quite.....  Not so crowdy,,,
Beautiful but far
We actually stayed at a hotel right on this beach.  The water is beautiful but there are signs saying no to swimming in some parts of it.  There is a cafe bene right next to it so you can grab a cup of coffee and go sit on the beach.  The only problem is that it is pretty far from anything else like all the museums and nature trails of jeju and it is kind of small which makes me think that in the summer it can get really crowded.
