Large market
We were caught in a traffic jam and arrived at about 7pm which we were we told an hour too late. So whatever you do, if you want to be here, do it in the late afternoon say 4pm at the latest. And of course, be aware that the market only opens on 2nd, 7th, 12th, 17th, 22nd and 27th of each month.
Excitingly chaotic but colourful
The Jeju City 5-day traditional market is a place to visit if you happened to be in Jeju on the 2nd, 7th, 12th, 17th, 22nd and 27th of the month. It is the biggest and oldest among the other 5-day markets. The place is big and the locals sell wares ranging from fishes, livestocks, clothings, hats, crockery, flowers, agricultural produce, local food stuffs, etc. The place is noisy and colorful, crowded and they add excitement to your visit. It is " When in Jeju, do as the local folks do".
Find good local food here
It is a big market selling vegetables and local products. However plenty of plastic tent restaurants at the end of the market and prices are much lower than in town. You can get all the cooked korean food here and delicious too.Also a place to buy all the korean street food and snacks.No problem with taxis as there is a proper taxi stand. Market is clean and well arranged.
Recommended Place
The 5 day market is named because it opens every 5 days only. There are other 5 day markets in Jeju but this market is said to be the largest in Jeju with 1,000 over stalls. This market opens on the 17th and plus / minus 5 days before and after.Fret not if you missed the opening of this market. Because apparently the other 5 day markets are operate by the same stall owners. They rotate among the different markets and hence will be back to the same market after every 5 days.We went there on a morning and expected to spend the whole day there. But we were out in 2 hours.There are indeed many stalls in the market but many of them are carrying the same stuff. Clothings, household products, fruits and vegetables, kimchi, cooked food and of course Jeju mandarin oranges which are famous. Interestingly, pet dogs are sold alongside with fresh chickens. And ironically, there are stalls selling dog meat at the other end of the market.Same animal but different fate.We bought the famous mandarin oranges here although these are available at other places in Jeju as well. There are many similar-priced stalls selling this famous product in this market. We chose one of the varieties on display after sampling. It has a sweet aftertaste after the first tinge of sourness. The one we purchased is the 2nd most expensive type at $25,000 Won per 5 kg. There are other varieties at $30,000 Won per 5 kg and $15,000 Won per 10 kg etc.It’s a nice experience after all and I would say it’s worth a visit if you are in Jeju.
Wander amongst the strange, the unusual, and the pushy!
If you've never been to a traditional Korean market, the Jeju Five Day Market is a wonderful introduction, and if you are an old hand at these sort of things, then you will enjoy Jeju's style. Pros: Roughly the size of a football field, there's a little of everything at this market. And every market is a little different too, so it stays interesting even over multiple visits (seasonal goods are fantastic here). Fruits, vegetables, herbs, roots, jams, honey, traditional medicines, gardening supplies (including seedlings); clothing, shoes, traditional crafts, a sprinkling of electronics now and then, kitchenware, furniture, rugs, and a whole host of things you won't recognize. It's truly a bizarre bazaar, and I am hopelessly in love with the sights, sounds, and smells of this style of capitalism that hearkens back to a time of more hooves and mouths than credit cards and smartphones. Go! Try everything! Buy everything! You'll love it!Cons: Sensory overload. Severe introverts should farm their energy for at least a day prior to going to this market. Expect to be shoved, bumped into, pushed, and in every other possible way have your personal space invaded. The shouting can be persistent, and the din is incredible. Trying to park your car can induce migraine headaches, and the traffic jams that lead up to the parking can be even worse. People here are generally honest, but I urge you to be extra vigilant when you buy perishables. More than once I've gone home with a great deal, only to have it go bad the same night. Also, check around for prices. Often you will buy something and then find a better version at a lower cost just a meter away. And finally, don't hesitate to haggle: the "foreigner price" rule is definitely in effect at this market.
Very intresting
I really and strongly recommend you to visit this market. Lots of food and other hand made goods are there. You will enjoy about 3 hours af hanging and buying things there
A Taste of Jeju
This is an authentic market which embodies local life on the island. It has so much to offer... There is an entire section devoted to the economy of the elderly, selling their goods and calling sweet encouragements to passerbys. There are regional fruits and veggies, artisan crafters, cloth and clothing sellers, seafood and fresh meats, animals, and a multitude of food trucks/stalls.This is the ideal market for immersing yourself in Jeju and Korean culture. It's open every day ending in 2 or 7: 2, 7, 12, 17, 22, 27thPictured: a pressure cooker used for puffing rice and corn, cooking beans, etc...
Interesting market
Lots of variety here from plants, pulses, clothing, fruit and veges and fish and local street food.  The prices aren't cheap as you would expect in a market but that's the same all over Korea.  A good variety is why you would go there.
revonmended
when we arrived it’s almost 6 pm and their it’s closing time, still have some food to eat. People are nice over there and never rush us.
Great Experience and Adventure
The market is full of local appeal with fresh fruits, vegetables, and local snacks to seafood and various sundries. A great way to spend a few hours walking around, doing some souvenir shopping, and eating local treats. The market is full of warm and friendly people who are interested and appreciative of the tourist that venture to visit the attraction. I would recommend to any one who appreciates the local things about traveling.
quite big & locally
quite big & locally, i reached here at 8am, just open 1 hour but seem that over 90% stalls already open & operating. same as the wooden brand said that was grandma's market so that many elder near around. they were selling & buying everything. many diff stuffs inside the market. maybe time was early, i don't see any tourist inside the market but local people to buy much stuffs. that also has movable breakfast service that was same as what i saw in most of market of southeast country. some selling by movable truck some just deliver by tray. busy job. besides, seafood stall also interesting as i saw a seller cut open the Devilfish, first time to see it as seem he was struggle with the fish skin. ha. impressiveanyway, good for visit here if you got time at day of 2,7,12,17,22&27.
A feast for the eyes and stomach
Be prepared to walk a lot. Stores selling similar items tend to cluster together. Traffic and parking can be a harrowing experience. From what we observed at the taxi queue, it can be a long wait.
Lots of fresh seafood and orange jeju
Place to buy famous jeju orange and the stuffs related.. Fresh seafood and vegetables are all around. A must visit place when one spend the time in Jeju
A wonderful taste of Jeju. Must go!
We were very excited that our trip coincided with the market. The market was packed with people and it seemed like all the locals were there and had been looking forward to it all week.We bought fruits and snacks there. Prices are definitely cheaper than at the marts. Although the aunts and uncles manning the stalls didn't speak much English, they were all very helpful and we communicated mainly with gestures and our limited vocabulary. Do try all the snacks and eat at the food stalls there!
Traditional market in Jeju Island - Grandma Market, one of the oldest and biggest traditional market in Jeju Island
Our stay in Jeju coincide with the operational day of one of the biggest and oldest traditional market in Jeju - Grandma Market which runs on days that end with 7th of the calendar month. There are lots of other smaller scale traditional markets which are opened on different days (e.g days ending on 5th, 2nd, etc...) thru out the island but we were told that this is the biggest.There is also an area which are designated for elderly ladies aged 65 and above whereby they are not charged any fees for selling there, hence, the name of Grandma Market.Lots of things can be found in the market, from plants, to snacks to clothings to housewares. We bought some fresh ginseng, chilly flakes and also fresh gingko from the market (after tasting some that were steamed and sold as snacks), The gingko there is different from those that we get in MY (most imported from China). Their is more creamy in texture and rounded as compared to ours.Overall, quite an interesting walk for an hour or two if you're looking to buy some of foodstuff.
Everything and more
We went there on the day we arrived. Unfortunately we were too late and most shops were closed. Unfazed, we returned another day - fortunately we were still in Jeju - and no regrets. Had breakfast (more like brunch) at an eatery before getting down to the business of shop til drop. Blacksmith happily in action, sharpening knives, sparks flying. Vendors selling everything possible. We were even the same family who sold us dried seafood at Seogwipo 5-day market a few days back :)) Of course, we bought some more. Fresh ginseng vendor lady happily gave us discount + service (complementary) roots + hot kamcho (sweet bark) tea for bringing friends to her shop. Hiking pants at ₩15k, shoes at ₩10k, our group happily left after nearly 6 hours at the market.
Nice Market
Is a nice market, a lot of things there. If so happen you can meet the day, then must go and see. clothes, vege, bird, fish, food, groceries bla bla bla.....
Taste of the real Jeju
This is a real locals' market and has the full range of foodstuffs one would expect. Lovely wickerwork and some kitchenware as well as some fairly meh clothes.
Literary traditional
This market is a great embodiment of a traditional market. There are vegetables, fruits, fish, clothes, shoes, Korean food joints..etc. I recommend visiting it in the morning as it become more crowded after that time. Food smell might be disturbing but you may be able to overcome it. If you are a fan of traditional markets then visiting this market is considered a MUST.
One day in a traditional five- day Korean market
When my group and I first went to this market I assumed it would be small like a on the side of the road market where they sell fruits, veggies, and jams. This market was that times ten and the market even had the kitchen sink. When we first walked through they had fresh picked flowers, potted plants, fresh spices, 15 different types of kimchi. As we walked around it wasnt just food and plants they had housewares to clothes even puppies, rabbits and chickens. then we realized that they even had a fish market. This market of cousre smelled of fish we consumers selling squid, shrimp, and tilapia. This market is such a good way to imerse oneself into a the korean culture on the island. This was one of the places on my wish list to see while my group and I were in Korea and it was much more than I expected and I am so glad I went.
