Recommend here, if you really like cute things.
2019년에 나는 친구들과 함께 그곳에 갔다. 처음에는 여기에 올 계획이 없어. 더운 날씨 때문에 너무 화가 났어. 그래서 우리는 아주 멋진 건물 안으로 들어가기로 했다. 그리고 이것이 그 건물이었다. 테디베어가 얼마나 귀여울 수 있을까 하는 기대와 달리 테디베어는 너무 귀여웠어!! 곰인형 박물관은 내가 아주 어렸을 때 곰인형을 정말 좋아했던 과거를 상기시켜준다. 귀여운 테디베어가 가득해서 사진을 찍기에 좋았다. 집으로 돌아온 후, 테디베어 박물관에 있는 사진이 다른 사진들 중에서 가장 좋았다.In 2018, I went there with my friends. I don't plan on coming here at first. I'm so angry because of the hot weather. So we decided to enter a very nice building. And this was the building. Contrary to the expectation that teddy bears couldn't be so cute, teddy bears were so cute!! The teddy bear museum reminds me of the past when I really liked teddy bears when I was very young. It was good to take pictures because it was full of cute teddy bears. After returning home, the picture in the Teddy Bear Museum was the best among the other pictures.
World of Teddys!
Well basically all you do here is just take pictures but I'm a fan of teddy bears so I looooooved this place!
Good!
Compare the teddy safari museum at seogwipo, Teseum is much more better and fun. Teseum you can hug touch and take pictures with the bears as close as you wish. Teddy safari it's all protected and u can't touch it.
Touch and Feel only at Teseum Safari
There are 3 teddy bear museums in Jeju Island, but this is the only one you could touch and hug, that’s why it’s called safari, while the teddy bears in the other two are kept in the glass box. Although I am not a big fans of soft toys, it’s still cute to see them.
Terry bear and safari
There are 3 terry bear museums in Jeju. The one which we visited is Terry bear and safari. The lower floor is the safari and upper floor is the bear. Think this also to attract the kids to visit the place thus the safari.Take your time to see and enjoy the many characters of the terry bear. One corner of displays is a very expensive due to diamond crown.
Shoot Me, Please!!
More like a showroom for a Teddy bear manufacturer. Girls and little kids might like it. I headed for the exit and kept warm with a coffee. Maybe should have tried some Sochu beforehand......
More of photo taking opportunity
Cute bears everywhere, for bear lovers to take photo. Visit can be done less than an hour. For people who do not like soft toys, you can skip this.
Teddy Bear Museum suitable for family
Basically it is a place where you can hug, touch and take photos with the giant teddy bears around. The teddy bear there are based on novel idea, which they showcase teddy bear of all sorts, sizes and costume. They are very charming and creative but the place itself is not too big, it only take about 45 mins to 1 hour for the leisure walk. One thing is, if you go on peak season, Teseum will be very pack and hardly to take some nice photos, or maybe you have to wait for the photo session.
Teddy Bears and that's it.
Well, if you like teddy bears, drop by this place to see their collection.  Honestly, I get more excited browsing teddy bears at a departmental store.  This place is probably losing its charm as it is mainly visited by tourists sent here by tour buses and very little koreans or free-n-easy tourists.
Adorable
This is a straight-up collection of really adorable teddies all in different themes and characters!Some are the classic teddy bears that we grew up lovingSome are teddies dressed up as music icons, roman gods/goddesses, characters from movies, etcIf you need your fill of cute things, this place is loaded with itIt's nice if you ask meAnd it doesn't hurt that we even got free teddies after the visit! yay!
Life sized replicas of animals
All sorts of soft toy replicas of animals made according to their actual sizes. Lots of fun for the kids. You can pose for photos with the many displays, sit on some of the displays.  There are also displays of teddy bear replicas of famous artwork by the masters. There is a display of all the bears dressed in the national costumes of different parts of the world.
Lovely Place
It's a Safari Theme Teddy Bear Museum. There are all kinds of bears, including giraffe, zebras, sheeps, monkeys, pandas, etc. On the second level, there is even Egyptian theme bears decorated with crystals. Don't miss that. There are also international bears on displayed on level 2. Enjoy your visit. Don't miss out on purchasing the bears at the gift shop for souvenirs, you will be spoilt for choices. All the bears are made in Korea and worth buying for keepsake.
Teddy Bear Museum
Great place for kids, also for adults. There are alot of teddy bears, in second floor. This is standard place for tour. We enjoy this place.
Good Time Killer on a Rainy Day
My husband and I visited this one May day. This teddy bear museum had some decent variety for photo opportunities. Unlike some other reviews, I wouldn't say it was small. There was a safari section, an underwater section, and a royalty section. We were there about 30-60 minutes. It was pretty packed too.
House of Bears
For a teddy lover like me, this place is heaven😱 I’ve been collecting different teddies and seeing all sorts of teddies here, big and small is like a dream come true. Kids and kids-at-heart will truly enjoy and treasure time spent here.
Cute, but not a museum
This is a cute collection of teddybears and other stuffed animals in a variety of settings (a castle, a safari, etc.), but it's not what I was expecting with the name "Teseum" (teddy+museum).  There's a very small display of older teddybears (mostly photographs), but the main attraction is the displays you can see in the pictures.  There must be thousands here, ranging in size from one inch or shorter to probably eight feet tall. I imagine kids would be in hog heaven, but some of the older people in our tour group said it was a waste of time.  My favorites were the safari and the teddybear versions of old paintings.
World of teddy bears
If you're a fan of teddy bears, then you should visit this place. You can probably complete this in 1 - 2 hours time. There's a outdoor park with more pictures to capture. Didn't really change much as compared to the first visit few years ago.. You have to pay an admission fee to enter, which i can't really remember but it's not expensive.
Not just bears!
I literally went gaga after stepping into the museum. You can play with the stuffed animals ergo, take pictures. There are lots of exhibits from safaris to castles. It's very interesting. All the toys are very clean and well-maintained. Kids would definitely enjoy this place.
Bearry Safari
All things teddy bears. Cute and creative. Loads of photo opportunities. Good for kids, girls and families.
Teddy bear museum
This was suppose to be one of the 1st museum in the world to exhibit all sorts of teddy bears. Not a very big place but pack with tourists. For the really young at heart or the really young kids this may be a novelty.
Fun for the young at heart and teddy lovers
You can discover your favourite teddy or safari animal here. With 3 floors of huggable and adorable animals there is much posing, hugging and choosing. You can even get a teddy to propose marriage to you.Teseum should not be confused with Teddy Bear Museum located in Seogwipo (near Alive Museum), a more 'serious' museum.
Where are you,Ted?
Nice to go with kids..there are two similar museum in Jeju,initially I planned to go Teddy bear museum,but my tour guide,Mr Gang recommended me to go Teseum,because it is bigger and you can hug the teddy bears for photo,while the teddy bear museum is just for the display.We had fun here.Worth for a visit!Entrance fee is 8000 Won for adult and 5000 Won for children.
Posing with Giant Teddy Bears
There are 2 major teddy bear themed attractions in Jeju, One is the Teddy Bear Museum and the other is Jeju Teseum. The Teddy Bear Museum is for mohair connoisseurs, but the bears there are all boxed up in glass exhibits. That is why given the limited amount of time we had in Jeju, we chose to visit Teseum. There are a lot of photo opportunities where we and especially our kids can pose with the many cuddly large-sized teddys at Teseum. The keyword here is interaction.
Small but cute place
It’s a rather small place but filled with lots of cuteness. Safari themed, royal themed... etc. different from teddy bear museum but worth a visit at least once if you love teddy bears.
If you love teddy bears please visit
It is an interesting showcase of lifesize and all sizes of teddy bears being used to personify famous art pieces, fables, fairy tales and etc.  There are many interesting photo opportunities.  The Koreans are very creative in coming up with such a museum dedicated to teddy bear lovers, but I would not return a second time.
Teddys!!!!!
Museums of pushies, teddy bears, etc... Diff kinds of pushies, made into a safari, underwater, kingdoms, Olympic and more
Lots of teddy bear
Kids would love it....lots of dolls from very small to gigantic size wearing varieties of cloths. You can take a photo with the dolls as well. Other than teddy bears, nothing much to see.
Decent
Came here with tour, cool installations to take a lot of photo. Will probably take about 1.5hours to slowly see all the teddy bears across 2 levels. Cool to see.
It is amazing good place even you are not Teddy Bear fans!
There are so many celebrity or art related bears arranged in a very spacious and comfortable place.  Really out of my expectation and would recommend to go.  You will feel happy when you are there!
Better than expected!
I personally don't like teddy bears so didn't expect much for the visit. However this museum did show something beyond expectation. The teddy bears are used to demonstrate memorable moments in history, scenes from classic movies, etc! Among the many so called museums around the area, this is the one I do recommend.
Worth a visit if you like teddy bears
The place was rather quiet when we visited (it was on a Sunday morning) despite the heavy traffic from Seoul the day before. We were given pamphlets in English, while most of the displays were in Korean language. There are many teddy bears in display and most have been displayed/posed in accordance with certain themes (like Hollywood, Snow White, landing on the moon etc). It was interesting.There was an Elvis show, with teddy bears swaying their hips to Elvis's concert in Hawaii (if I'm correct) and that was entertaining for the kids.Outdoors is a small park with human size teddy figures, great for picture taking. Remember to take pictures with large teddy outside.There is also a cafe but we did not stop by since we had breakfast earlier. In the pamphlet, we saw a train ride but we couldn't locate it anywhere. May have missed it.There was one floor for shopping and there is a large selection of teddy bears to bring home. Maybe pricey but the quality is quite good.The place is convenient for families with small children (the kids were not terrified) and stroller friendly as there is an elevator available. There is also free parking outside.As usual, for Korean tourist attractions, there are discount vouchers available. Just have to know where to get it :)
Teddy
If you love teddy bears and stuffed animals then this is the place to visit. There are thousands of teddy bears and many photo opportunities. There is also a GS25 near there to buy snacks and ice cream.
Comprehensive and fun
This museum is a lot bigger than expected, and housed so many different teddy bears in fun settings that it made even adults excited. Would highly recommend if you have little kids, as they would love being able to touch the bears and taking photos with them.
Great Time in Teseum like a Child~
There are many many many uncountable (which may count but hei! not necessary man~) teddy bears inside and a lots of other animals dolls like brown bears, sheeps, monkeys, elephants, snakes, lions, tigers, etc. Me and my siblings are having a great photo time inside there. I feel lovely and joyful for all interior design which teddy bear had placed. Love this place much! Worth to visit once in lifetime.
Small but quaint, lots of bears!
A quaint but charming little place with lots of teddy bears! Highlight was the Greek Gods teddy bears and the teddy bear art gallery. Fun photo opportunities and a teddy bear safari to boot. It is an imitation attraction but not a bad place to spend an hour.
Teddy museum's imitator??
C1 ( 2016.07.15 ) I visited there on my way to Psyche World, because there was located beside this one. But Psyche World was close and out of business. So I visited this Teseum Safari. But there was under my expectation for price, and many tourist was crowded by bus. If visited Teddy's museum in Jungmun, no need to visit there, I think.
Teddy Bear for all Celebrity
Quite fun to see all diorama with Teddy Bear as different celebrities. They're beatles, michael jordan, etc.
Shower with teddy bear love
As the name says it all, it's a teddy bear safari. So what you see inside is tons of teddy bear!I think all the bears are hand sewn. Its nothing special on the teddy bear design since it's just a teddy bear but the quality of the material is thereThat's a reason why it's quite expensive for a bear merchandise there
Many spot for taking photo
There were so many characters of teddy bear, very cute and lovely. Heaven for teddy bear lovers. Girls and kids will love it.
Just a Teddy Bear Collections
This is another product of Korean creativity. This is just a place where a Teddy Bear collections located and opened for public. The shape of the dolls were not so perfect and some were ugly.
For teddy bear lovers
Absolutely love it. If you have kids, this is a must go. It's fun to be around lots of teddies. The huge teddy bears are great to take pics with and are hug-able..
All about teddy bears
Visit if you are a fan of teddy bears. Not much to do besides taking pictures and you might have to queue to take pictures. There is a souvenir shop at the entrance/exit.There is also a small stall selling snacks to the left of the entrance and down some step of stairs.
A worth visit place in Jeju, just one time.
The teddy bear musuem is filled with a vast variety of teddy bears in different sections. These teddy bears were build to replicate a safari zoo, an aquarium, a palace, an art gallery and many more. There is side information of history of teddy bear and a gallery with ancient greek gods. Try to spot the most expensive teddy bear in the world! Apart from that, its located beside an expressway. Travelling to there might need a bus or taxi ride. Its worth a visit, but not interesting enough for me to come back again. There is too some eateries around there to settle your hunger needs. The musuem requires some entrance fee.
Teddy Bear museum
A novel idea to showcase teddy bear of all sorts, sizes and costume. Very camera-friendly but it's not a big place. We had a leisure walk in here and comb the area in about an hour.
giant teddy bear
This is the place you can hug, kiss and take photos with teddy bear. Jeju Teseum is Korea's first and largest teddy bear museum. If you likes Teddy bear this is the place must visit in Jeju Island.
Cherry blossom package with Qodariysh Travel & Tours
Teseum is very charming and creative. I like very much the teddy bears couples donning national dress of different countries of the world.
Great place for kids
My 2nd time to this place and it's never disappoint us. My daughter really enjoy this museum so much. Will be going there again next year.
So Adorable
For those who love teddy bears, here's the place for you. A 2 storey building filled with all sorts of teddy bears of different sizes and characters.
Teddy lovers museum
It's so fancy. We can take pictures while hugging,touching,kissing the bears. If you go by tour and they just give you an hour,don't take too much time on jungle area, because there are many areas in there. I think my fav area is the castle area.
Popular museum
A museum with full of teddy bears, not to my liking, just take a stroll, take pictures then buy some teddies if you like, thats all
Touchable ang huggable teddy
We will meet, hug, touch, take picture or even kiss the teddy bears. Cute background for taking picture.
Go if you love your teddies
It's a nice place to take some nice photos with the teddies.  Lots of them there huge ones as well.  The most I've seen in one single location. Good effort. You can touch them,  hug them,  even climb over them.  Our children had a fun time.
cute
So, perhaps this comparison is unfair, but if you have to choose between the two: the Teddy Bear Museum and this Teseum, I would personally choose this Teseum because the Teseum is slightly cheaper, closer to Jeju City, and way less pretentious (that may sound weird, but that's more or less what the difference was). Teseum was laid back, a bit more interactive, and generally understanding of that a visit to see Teddy bears would mean visiting the childish side on all of us. The Teddy Bear museum was more like an anthropological study of teddy bears or something, aka, less fun, a bit more uptight.For those in the group who were not as interested in the actual display, they could opt out and still purchase teddy bears. The gift shop was conveniently open to everyone visiting and there were a few convenience stores and such around.
You're never too old for teddy bears!
Our visit to Teseum was part of a tour package, and we had a lot of fun.  Photo opportunities were plentiful, even if there were a lot of other visitors.  We enjoyed posing with the huge bears, with different theme displays.  As well, the section on classical art was quite remarkable.
Fun with the bears
Good fun to visit this museum of teddy bears. Seems that this museum contrary to the other Teddy Bear museum allows you to take pictures with the bears.
teddybear lover paradise?
i liked it because my kids love it. you can hug, touch, take photo etc but the service is not quite good. they seems don't like to smile too often.... I'm sorry
Would have liked it more if not stuck there with a big group of tourists
Air con wasn't cooling in the sweltering summer heat and the crowd of tourists in the place. Basically a photo taking kind of place but seeing how worn and musky the stuffed animals were, I shudder. The concept is cute but guess I should have come maybe n years earlier when things were still new. They need to spend some money to maintain the animals.
