Worth the visit!! Would love to go back again!  Exotic!
Of all the places we visited in Jeju via our taxi tour, this is what I would rank as #1 (see  http://www.visitkorea.or.kr/enu/SI/SI_EN_3_1_1_1.jsp?cid=1121529), with Sunrise Peak as #2.  This is a Buddhist temple set in a vast very pretty land.  Interesting Buddha statues – very exotic particularly for those who have never been to a Buddhist temple.  Our taxi guide politely asked, I believe a caretaker, to see if we can actually go inside the temple.  We were allowed.  I’m not sure if it was early or this is not a traditional tourist place, since we only saw very few people (as compared to the other temple in Busan packed with too many people.)  Felt a little bit odd being a tourist spectator in a house of worship, but glad we did.  The landscaping and statutes in the area were very interesting.  So there's more to see other than the temple itself. I would recommend this place for sure.  Would go back again if have the chance.  Hopefully with less rain this time.  Free to visit.
Good temple to visit
This is a big temple with lots to see.  There are a couple of large budda statues and many small ones.  It also has a nice gift shop.It is far from downtown and a bit hard to get without a car.
A temple in the mountain trek
It's 35km drive from Seogwipo district. I don't think it is easily accessible by public transport. I would strongly recommend to explore Jeju with a rental car!
Peaceful visit
Before starting the Hallasan hike I checked out the Gwaneumsa Temple near the entrance to the trails.  It’s in a secluded area and visited by mostly locals and not really a tourist spot.  The big Buddha statues along with a few rows of small Buddhas are quite impressive although the main halls are not.
Peaceful and beautiful
Gwaneumsa Temple is close to Jeju National University and about 1 KM from the Gwaneumsa trail head to go to the top of Halla-san (the tallest mountain in South Korea).  I've been to the temple many times and always found it peaceful and beautiful.  Usually there were not many people here either so you can enjoy some quiet time.
It's Ok
Sure not the most beautiful Temple (of jeju) but if you are near the place, go and take a look. I can say that the Temple near the Sangbangsan Mountain is much more beautifull.
Top 5!
I really liked this Temple in that quiet area! I rent a car to go there and I really enjoyed visiting the temple together with driving in that area.
Lovely temple,beautiful lights at night.
We went with friends who had kids and everyone enjoyed walking around the buildings, statues and garden.
Should come
This is a beautiful and large temple. I love it the moment i step out of the car. Must visit place at Jeju.
The most beautiful temple
This temple is the most beautiful temple I have ever seen which allows tourist to take some pictures. The Buddha inside is outstanding. The landscape around is breathtaking.
Tickets from $7.50
Very peaceful and serene
Came to this temple as we only wanted a view of Mt Hallasan. But we kinda ended up with a pleasant surprise. Temple grounds are huge and it's peaceful to be away from the hustle and bustle of the city for a while.
Very quiet
It was so quiet.  No one was there which made us think that we werent suppose to be there.  The monks were setting up for Buddha's birthday.  We didnt bother going into the buildings and i am sure we didnt see everything.  Overall it was a nice peaceful little stop away from some of the more crowded places in jeju
A good temple
It is very near city center although it is difficult to go there if you take public transportation. If you use your own vehicle, you can easily access it. As it is a calm place, you can get healing.
Fantastic big Buddha view and scenes
Walk thru a corridor of two rows of Buddha leading you all the way to tis great big golden gwaneusmsa Buddha. This golden Buddha backdrop contains many small Lohan buddhas in rows....there is also a small temple for you to pray
Quiet and secluded
We were the only tourists there. It seems this temple is visited more by the locals, and not a typical overseas tourist spot.It was a nice place and we got ourselves plenty of photos. Worth the drive to see this temple.
Serene
Gwaneumsa Temple - Gets busy on the festival days otherwise it is a relatively solaceful place to visit.
Beautiful and Quiet Temple
A close temple that near to Jeju-Si.Nice decoration with free parking. No actual operation timing but suggest to visit before 6pm.
Peaceful
Lovely peaceful spot , nice statue at the start then all the buddas on the walk up to the temple offset by the lanterns. The temple is nice take a good look at the food and painting but the golden Buddha at the side is worth a look. Nice cafe and shop on site well priced.
Peace
The place is beautiful, scenic and great for photos. The Buddha sculptures are grand. A definite place to go in Jeju. In winter time, expect snow here and it can be few inches thick.
Tickets from $7.50
