Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Mongolian Acrobatic Horse Show
Jeju is know for horses and mandarins. I'd say, this is a must see for those who visit Jeju for the first time.Tickets can be bought online in Trazy.com. You should receive your e-tickets within 24hrs. Then exchange this at The Ma park's ticket booth. To get there, we took a taxi from Hyeojae Beach (costs KRW9,000). It's a must that you buy ticket in advance due to limited seats. A lot of private tour bus go here. Public transportation is very seldom in this area. If you can arrange a round trip transpo, please do so. As for us, we walked 2 KM to the main road. But again, the 1Hr show is worth seeing. =)
Nice show and horse riding
Bought the tickets online to enjoy a discount. We arrived early to be amongst the first cars within the car park. Thus, we had a fuss free horse riding experience for the kids. The 50mins performance was also enjoyed by the kids. Unfortunately, the go karting wasn’t available due to rain a few hours before.
Review of a 14 year old girl
The Ma Park was one of the best theme parks I've ever been to.  We started off with horse riding, which was led by a friendly staff along a route for about 15 minutes.  I was surprised that he spoke English quite well!  We then headed for the go karts.  The venue was very spacious and the karts were very easy to handle.  I had a lot of fun.  After that, we watched the spectacular show which was performed by around 50 elite Mongolian riders.  Before the show started, we were able to feed the horses with carrots, sold at 1000 korean won each.  I had a blast at the Ma Park and I strongly recommend families to visit.
Mongolian Horse Show
Entertaining Mongolian horse show. We caught a taxi here as it's not easy to get to by other public transport. Impressive expert performance by the young horse riders who did some amazing acrobatics on horses. The Park's website is in Korean and the show was all in Korean but we managed to follow what was going on!  The horse show is on 3 times a day. After the show, kids can have fun riding a horse or driving a swing car (7 minute ride) or go kart (not sure of the minimum age for that).  Need to pay additional fees for each activity.  Worth spending a couple of hours or half a day here.
Expensive,No English Translation!
The horse performance was quite good, except they don't have english translation.. so just enjoy the act..we tried the horse riding, but only less than 10mins circling around the front gate with the guide holding on the rope.. Super Expensive for horse Riding, so Not Recommended.
historical show
Rather interesting show about the life of Genghis Khan. But a lot of dialogs on Korean, so it is better to speak Korean or know history a bit. Anyway, there was beautiful and spectacular stunts on horseback. We were glad we visited this show.
The Black Flag of Genghis Khan
This is a great show reenacting the life of Genghis Khan. The horsemanship and acrobatics are amazing and the riders, I believe, are all horsemen/women from Mongolia. There is also horse riding, but the guide maintains control of the reins.  The show is narrated in Korean and some Mandarin, but the action speaks for itself. It is a little out of the way, but if you rent a car or have some form of transportation I highly recommend it!
Went there because it was raining elsewhere..
This was not part of our main itinerary but we visited it as it was raining in other parts of Jeju.We saw the acrobatic performance, it was rather entertaining and sometimes hilarious though some parts were boring for us. The kids enjoyed it though. There was some reenactment of a story but it was all in Korean so we only got the gist of it.
Definitely worth seeing on Jeju Island!
Do catch the performance at the Ma Park on Jeju Island! From horse riding to acrobatics and showmanship, the show is a great family experience for young and old.
Best horse day ever
I am 6 years old and I love horses. I like the horse show and now I really want to go to horse school. I liked to feed the horses carrots. I really liked riding horse and I can't wait to do it again. I especially liked the little ponies. They were funny. I was in Korea for a long time and this is the bestest thing we did. If you have children you should come here so they will love you more. Goodbye
Tickets from $7.50
Tickets from $7.50
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Mongolians horse riding
All guys performing in this show are all Mongolians. From 1270-1340 year Mongolian empire was held in Jeju island. So horse riding culture is came from Mongolia. Very skillfull and somehow funny show.
Wonderful performance
It’s my 3rd time to visit there. When I was there in the last time with kids, we just spent time with feeding carrots to horse.And my son had experienced horseback riding. Whenever, I visited there the time of performance didn’t allow me to enjoy it.This time I see the performance firstly. At first, I didn’t have any expectations. But all audiences were driven by their enthusiasm when the actors started to the taster performances. They were danced horse-dance with PSY’s gangnam style.Main theme is the origin of Ju-mong and his foundation of a country.Even I didn’t understand the story well, the equestrian(riding skill) was really amazing and wonderful. I really enjoy it with kids(9, 5yrs).The cost is a little bit expensive but really money worth performance. One thing you should mind, there are not supplying English translation.  And the actors are Mongolians then they don’t speak Korean and Englsih.
Friendly staff and Entertaining Horse show narrated in Korean
Friendly staff: worked hard to communicate with me in English as best they could.  We took the B course for horse riding.  The leader allowed me to guide my own horse as I am an experienced rider, which I appreciated.  The leader guided my daughter's horse.  Horses were well trained with kind temperaments.  The horse show was well rehearsed and the riders and horses were skilled.  My daughter is 8, and she loved the show.  After the show, we fed carrots to the horses for 1000KWN a piece.  I would recommend buying a horse riding ticket as soon as you arrive because there was a 95 minute wait for use to ride.
An Exceptional Show of Extraordinary Horse Riding
Think: Cirque du Soleil on horse back combined with the Akira Kurosawa film "Ran." Uniquely trained riders from Mongolia in colorful costumes perform precision riding and acrobatics as their horses gallop and trot through the stadium field with dramatic music in the background.  Meant to tell a story, the riders and horses go through act after act with costume changes.  There is drama, feats of precision and humor.  Included is archery from a trotting horse, which is pretty amazing, IMHO.  The 50 minutes passed quickly.
Talented riders and and entertaining horse show
Before traveling to Jeju I was unaware that there was a horse show.  Our guide asked us if we wanted to see a horse show and we said “sure”.  We had no idea what to expect.  It appears that this show caters towards Korean tourists and the show is only in Korean.  However, there was a pamphlet available in English.  I didn’t see any other foreigners in the audience.  The show takes place in a large arena and lasted about an hour.  The seats are covered in case of rain.  The show is supposed to take place during the Mongol invasions of Korea during the 1200s.  They had mock battles, displayed archery skills, performed equestrian vaulting, and a variety of other skills.  I thought that the show was entertaining, well performed, and the Mongolian riders were very talented.  My 3 year old, was a bit scared by the battles.  The horses appeared to be well cared for and healthy.  At the beginning and end of the show you can purchase a carrot to feed to the horses.  I believe that the cost of the show was 18,000 won, but our guide was able to get us a discount.  Overall, I thought that it was fun and would go back.
An interesting way to spend an hour on Jeju.
The narration is not in English, but the story line is easy to follow. The performance is engaging and polished and well worth going to.
Beautiful Mongolian Horses
A wonderful hour of Korean/Mongolian drama with beautiful horses and very talented Mongolian riders.Had a chance to pet and feed the horses before the show.Great acrobatics.Would be good for all ages.
Great entertainment!
Visited Ma Park and we were pretty excited because we could feed the ponies! Then, we realised that there was a show and got ourselves a pair of tickets. Amazing stuffs! Stunts with horses and there was also a short drama. The only downside was my partner and I were just assuming of what they were talking about because there weren't any translations! We played the Gokart after that. The karts weren't really fast but that was alright. Had a few rounds and they took nice photos of you! Once is enough for this place!
Very exciting and entertaining horseshow
Very skilled young Mongolian horseriders, who perform a small Korean/Mongolian (horse)drama in an hour. Be aware of the showtimes, because I think they only have 4 shows a day. We were too late for the first show and while waiting for the next show we requested the taxidriver to bring and wait for us at Hallim park, which is only 10 minutes away. We also combined this with a short beach vsiit and local brunch at the beautifull Jeju-beach.
Tickets from $7.50
Tickets from $7.50
