Fun visit
Nexon Computer Museum was surprisingly a fun visit.  Having grown up during the 1.44 MB floppy disk era, it was cool to see the now ancient artifacts from that era like the first Apple computers and the 8-bit graphic video game consoles (and of course the floppy disks themselves). The interactive zone with some of the classic video games like Galaga arranged in chronological order were a lot of fun.
It is meant to be Museum!
I think it was more academic then entertaining. Despite cutting edge technology based attraction, this place has enough mixture of both interesting facts and entertainment. Restaurant was lots of fun as well. And I think it means a lot to see the corporate name. People all know "Nintendo" but not many knows a top Korean game corporate. I think it is nice.
Perfect for video game fanatics.
I loved how not only did they have a lot of things on display but also that you could actually use and play with the majority of things they had on display. Time flied and staff was very helpful every time I needed any help. Would go again.
Old Gem!
Nexon Computer Museum - I went there with my buddy and we were so excited to see all those old computers on display... lol!
Worth visiting if you get discount
This museum boasts its huge variety of old computer related exhibitions to a new one. You may enjoy the old memories of punch card, MS-DOS, APPLE I~II, to VR, motion recognition, etc. The only point you should consider is entrance fee. I was ok because I can get Jeju resident discount. But most of visitors from outside of Jeju island should try to discount chances such as Naver booking, etc.
Really nice for tech geeks
4 Floors of a journey in time from the 70s to the very much today technology.Experience interactive games and tasks, good for age 9+
Best Museum on the Island
This has to be the best museum on Jeju. I have lived here for over 5 years and I have been there at least 3 or 4 times. The exhibits are interesting and there is even a couple of places where you can play old video games for free. If you enjoy computers or video games at all this the place for you.
Plenty to interest adults and children
What a great place to visit especially on a rainy dayIt traces the history of computing from the 50s to the present day in a very informative wayHowever of somewhat more interest to particularly children is the very interactive history of computer gaming. This includes the ability to play the old games like tv tennis and space invaders to more modern gamesA great way to spend a couple of hours , it certainly kept me and the grandchildren entertained
Computer and Video Games Freak!!
A great museum in Jeju with all its collection of computers and video games. Pay around 8 USD and we can enjoy this museum along with playable exhibitions.Not only we can go back in time with old videogames and computers, we can even try to play the latest videogames (Xbox, Playstation etc) and just forget the time while you are inside!Basement is worth to visit if you really want to spend your day playing games.. quite a varsity of collection.Don't forget to try ordering the keyboard waffle... ^^
History of computers
I came here after visiting the nearby Jeju Loveland. This museum has 4 floors. First floor is the Welcome Stage, which traces the history of computers and hardwares. Second floor is Open Stage, which depicts the history and development of computer games. Third floor is Hidden Stage, which showcases how computers changed and expanded our everyday life. The Basement 1 is Special Stage, which is used for special exhibitions.Second and third floors allow visitors to play old computer and arcade games such as Space Invaders, Galaxy etc. Playing these games bring back fond memories of my younger days. Before leaving, I headed to the cafe at B1 and ordered the keyboard waffle for its novelty, not cheap at 12,000 won.Admission fees 8,000 won. Note it is closed on Monday. Worth a visit if you have half a day to spare. Suggest you combine this place with the nearby Jeju Loveland.
Tickets from $7.50
3 Generations enjoyed the museum
Good day out with children and their Grandparents as we could all enjoy something in the museum.  Lots of interactive displays and activities.  Amazing to see how much computers and technology have changed!
Worth it for the waffle
The museum was ok, computers and computer games are not my kind of thing but it was interactive so really kept me engaged.The keyboard-shaped waffles in the cafe with four side sauces/cream/ice-cream in the cafe in the basement are awesome. Go for them!Walkable from Nohyung Lotte Mart.
Tickets from $7.50
