Breathtaking view when you go at sunset!
Easy boardwalk to see the attraction.  If you follow right, you will see the Oedolgae rock.  We happened to be there at sunset, and the view was magnificent & romantic!  You can also follow the boardwalk to the left for more view points.
Stunning and scenic
We engaged a Jeju Korean driver at 180,000 won per day for 2 full days to bring the 9 of us around for sightseeing in Jeju. On the first day, the guide headed to the attractions in the north and east of Jeju and on the second day, he covered attractions in the south and west of the island. Oedolgae was located at the southern part of Jeju at Seougwipo city. We came to view Oedolgae on the second day afternoon. It was free entrance. From the car park where we alighted from our van, there was a signboard that indicated Oedolgae was 250 m away from the car park. As we strolled our way to the cliff area, I noticed that this attraction was crowded with many tourists and everyone was trying to take good photos by standing at the barricaded area overlooking the azure seawater with the 20 m tall Oedolgae rock as the background. The scenery was amazing. Our guide spoke good Mandarin and he told us of the mystical tragic sorrowful legend of a saddened wife who feared the death of her beloved husband jumped into her death on seeing the body of her husband flushed to the coast. The Oedolgae rock was the embodiment of the wife who had committed suicide and the base of the rock represented the body of her husband. The sad story dampened my spirit momentarily but the awesome view of the stunning rock blended seamlessly with the azure sea and the clear blue sky. The fresh cooling sea breeze that caressed my face lifted my spirits and the next moment I found myself squeezing among the crowd to take good pictures with my group members against the picturesque backdrop. As we strolled along the weaving coastline, we viewed the Oedolgae from different perspective and each angle projected a captivating scenery. At one point was a big board depicting the picture of popular Korean drama show Dae Jang Geum (Jewel in the Palace) and of the famous Korean actress Lee Young-ae who acted as the great Palace female physician during the Joseon Dynasty. This place was the filming location of this popular traditional korean drama.  I really like this place. It is so picturesque and I was totally immersed in the magnificent scenery appreciating that rhythmic splashing of the seawater against the high cliff. That short juncture, the clock stood still and I just could not believe my eyes that I was standing and facing such a fairy like breathtaking natural attraction.
Oedolgae The beautiful 😍 ❤️ place.....
This place is very best and beautiful like a very big mountain in the Sea 💙. This place name is Oedolgae.
This is the starting point of Olle road number 7! Best Olle in Jeju
Sea, isles, mountain,  good smell of exotic flowers, nice seashores' cafe, pitoresque pensions, and great rest area. JeJu Island has 19 Olle trekking roads however, Olle 7 is the most famous and it has the most beautiful scenery among them, if I may say it! This is the very beginning of Olle 7, it worth it to walk 16.4km(whole length of Olle 7) from this place. Strongly recommended.
This ‘Lonely Rock’ is admired by countless visitors!
My family and I visited this attraction on a sunny Monday mid-afternoon as part of a Daepo Jusangjeolli –– Jeongbang Falls – Oedolgae – Cheonjiyeong Falls itinerary. ‘Oedolgae’ means ‘Lonely Rock’. Oedolgae Rock has its origin from a volcanic eruption.Getting there & fees:  The GPS coordinate (code) for Oedolgae is 7328027.We parked our car under the trees at the large car park. Entry to the attraction is free and the only fee we paid was 1000 won to the parking attendant.The Rock/Attraction: We looked for a blue signboard with a picture of Odedolgae Rock and an arrow pointing left saying “250m”. It’s then an easy walk of steps and path that’s abundantly shaded by the trees. So you don’t need an umbrella or a cap. After 5 minutes, we came to a large viewing platform from which this amazing and unusual 20-metre high solitary grey basalt pillar rock that juts out from the sea with a few trees growing at its top can be seen. From a certain angle, the Rock looks like a woman’s face with little hair.Compared to another 20-metre lone-standing limestone rock, Ko Tapu, at Thailand’s James Bond Island (Khao Phing Kan), I find the Oedolgae rock slightly more interesting in terms of geographical origin and features. You could better appreciate the other face of this Rock as well as getting to a large poster of the popular Korean TV drama ‘Dae Jang Geum’ (Jewel in the Palace) by walking further onto another path, which we didn’t venture.  Despite the Oedolgae’s attractiveness and beauty as well as free admission, somehow I didn’t see busloads of tourists here. This means the attraction is not crowded. Maybe the thinking is they could spend their time at other tourist attractions where there are more things to see rather than just a solidary rock.  Nevertheless, for me, I recommend a visit to this amazing rock as part of the southern Jeju itinerary. It only takes up at most 1.5 hours.
Absolutely beautiful scenery but go off the beaten path
If it's your first time visit, definitely take the path to Oedolgae. If you have time, from the main entrance, take a left and it will take you along a path along the ocean. Go about 1/2 mi walk along the path and you'll see off on your right a smaller path. Take this and it will take you down to the ocean. Many locals take this down and it's a small watering hole where locals go to swim and fish. Once you get to the bottom, the navigation along the rocky formations can be challenging but very much worth it. It's not a beach but you're right next to the waves as they come in. It's absolutely beautiful. Just for context, I took my 8 year old daughter and 6 year old son. They had to be careful navigating, but was able to do so with adult supervision. Many others have come to appreciate this but they have been leaving their trash behind and it's quite saddening to see such a beautiful place littered with garbage. If you do go down, please respect the beauty and take your garbage with you.
More than the lone rock
The highlight of this place is the lone rock, where there is a lookout near the car park. Go past the lookout to see a different aspect of the rock. We were glad we did that.
Love the Olle Trail!
We went for Oedalgae and ended up taking an unplanned walk along Olle trail #7.It was drizzling when we arrived, we took some photos of the rock and explored the area. Further into the park, we followed the trail which hugged the coastline. Beautiful views all the way... We went past a cafe at some point, it would be a nice place to relax but we were short of time. We ended our hike near Storyville as the pathway was blocked by fallen trees/branches due to the recent typhoon.
The lonely rock
This was kinda close to our place. This area is beautiful. The rock formations  & the ocean  are stunning. We stayed there to chill , took some pictures and walked to the next scenic area.
Wonderful
Another must see place in Jeju . Easy access from Seogwipo city. Olle trail around this avea is good to explore. This can be the most scenic place for sunset.
Tickets from $7.50
Easy to walk coast trail
As we stayed in Seogwipo, we followed part of Jeju Olle Route 6 and  7  from Chilshimni Poetry Park to Oedolgae. We started our personal trail from Saeyeongyo Bridge and went up to Chilshimni Poetry Park through a wooden stairway. The wooden stairway was located along the road where a lot of tourist buses parked (towards the end where there was a brown building beside) away from Saeyeongyo Bridge. When we reached Chilshimni Poetry Park (is just beside Park Sunshine hotel), we were lucky to catch a view of  the Cheonjiyeon Falls from the top. There was also a resting shelter with table and benches if you want to enjoy the view of the waterfall while having snacks or lunch. Afterwhich, we left the park to the main road (where Park Sunshine hotel was) and headed to Namseong-ro road which was indicated by the blue/orange ribbons for Oedolgae. Along the way, you will pass by외돌개나라 Hostel (the hostel name is in Korean as I cannot find the English name online) before reaching Hwangwooji coast first (it is a very beautiful coast with a private emerald green pool. Then there was a trail to Oedolgae where was a cliff top that you can view the Saeyeongyo bridge. Oedolgae trail is  free 1 to 2 hours trail and it is not a difficult trail, it is pretty gentle with lots of benches for rest breaks as needed. It has pretty nice coast view. There were fruits and snack sold along the trail where you just need to place 1000won at the basket where you take the fruits/snacks from (there is not one attending to the store). It is based on trust. There were rest rooms outside the trails if needed with food stalls near the free public toilet with toilet paper provided. We need all the trail by foot and there is really no need for a car.
Beautiful walk along the coast!
Initially we had wanted to walk here from Seogwipo but gave up and took a taxi up the hill, the road was quite crowded with taxis and the car park filled with tour buses and cars. It is a very touristy place, there is ample reason. This is the place where Jewel of the Palace (Daejanggeum 大長今) was filmed - one of the first Korean dramas popular all over asia. There is a cut-out of Janggeum where you can put your face and take a photo.More importantly, the scenery is lovely and dramatic. The rock column rises out of the beautiful blue sea. We left the path and tourists behind and walked around the rocks to the edge. We even came to a point where we could see Saeyeongyo Bridge in Seogwipo. We came across a blue rock thrush and a nice little coffee house before grabbing a cab on the main road. There is a bus running but we did not want to wait for it... it is about 6-8 min drive to seogwipo town
Lousy Parking Arrangement
Takes only 15 min if just visiting the rock and its surrounding. Parking was charged and thus we parked at the roadside only.Just go down a flight of 15-20 stairs and then follow the path and signages.
Perfect for morning walks
Yes, it's just an ordinary rock. But with the perfect backdrop of the ocean, blue skies and outlying islands this place is perfect to visit in the morning for a relaxing walk. You can even sample their famous orange fruit in season.
A beautiful walk.
Absolutely hike Oedolgae, it's a beautiful coastal walk that is part of an Olle trail. You wind all around a part of the southern coast of Jeju, and can walk as long as you please. Lots of shops and restaurants along the way. The Jeju trails are my favorite attraction on Jeju, definitely walk one! And they're free!
Recommended!
Perhaps it may be because that I am staying in a cityarea and hardly have the opportunity to see natural scenery. Oedolgae really takes my breathe away. Its beautiful!
Good but average
The cliff is good and legends about it - too :)But couldn't recommend it as "must see" (sorry, Oedolgae!)
Beautiful,  nice walking trail
It is stunning.  You can wear walking shoes or sandals to trek along the coastline. Most of the trail is paved with wooden boards.  This place offers many scenic sites for photos. The photos don't give this place its justice.  Have to see it in person to take it in.   There are small cafes along the trail offering refreshments and a place to sit.
Amazing views
We were even so lucky to find some ”diving women” (All 60+) - catching abalone and octopus. Dont photograph them or try to take selphies with them. They are as fierce as they look.
Highly recommended spot
It is located near seogwipo (southern region in jeju island). I stayed in value hotel seogwipo hence decided to pay a visit in the morning before my afternoon flight back. Just 10mins away from the hotel. No parking or entrance fee needed. U just need to trek 250m to come to the best photo spot. Overall worth paying a visit if you staying in seogwipo area.
Tickets from $7.50
An Easy Walk On Clearly Marked Trails
The trails to the sight were well marked and easy to walk. There is no entrance fee and the view at the end is spectacular. It’s totally worthwhile. Be wary of the elderly gentlemen at the car park collecting a parking fee of 2000Won, it’s not legit because the sign at the carpark says it’s free parking. I wonder why the local authorities have not acted on this.
Worth it even in rain
It was probably way less crowded than normal because of the rain. But the rain and gloominess of the sky, contrasted with the pounding of the sea, emphasized the loneliness of the rock.
Nice views on one of the Ole trails
You can start the trail downhill from Story Ville villas and end at Oedolgae. On that Ole trail there is a museum and a coffee shop on the way. If you drive there, there is plenty of parking and small restaurants, etc. people come here to watch the sunset.
Best to proceed to Olleh Trail 7
The real beauty of Oedolgae is walking along Olleh Trail 7. You can start from the observatory for Oedolgae rock and walk along the coast to enjoy the scenery. It's also free of charge.
A Rock with a Tale
We visited Oedolgae with Jejueco Suite’s package tour.  Victor, our guide, told us an interesting story of a lady praying for her husband who is lost at sea.  As it was then near sunset (about 1 hour prior), the rocks were backlit and we could not take a photo of the “praying lady and her fallen husband”. Victor told us to continue along the Jeju Olle Trail (marked by ribbons) for a seaside hike, and he will wait for us at the next carpark.  I forgot to ask him how long the walk is expected to be, so when I can’t see any carpark after 10-15min, I kept wondering if I had somehow taken a wrong path.  So for the benefit of Victor’s future guests, these are the approximate GPS coordinates:Oedolgae: 33.2390574,126.5446144Carpark: 33.2397470,126.5318070(You will pass by a cafe called 60 Beans)Along the path, there are other viewing platforms of Oedolgae Rock where it was not backlit by the sun.  However the angle was wrong, and from these other platforms, you can’t see the shape of the “praying lady and her fallen husband”.
Go with Swimming Gear
It is a naturally formed pool with sea water, good to go with swimming gear.  The view is good too.  Good for the teens and young people.
It's a stack
Worth a brief stopover on the way to other attractions on the south coast of Jeju but if you've seen stacks before, this is just another one. Accessibility is excellent though.
Nature art
You can walk along the shore and admire the nature artist who created wonderful coastline and statue made from stone. It's very scenic, photogenic and good exercise for your body.
Fabulous and spectacular
Great view of the rare animal cliff which is 20 meters height and surrounded by the beautiful islands. Hundreds of visitors went there to have a look of the amazing animal rock. The stone seemed independent and I like the fact that it is normal, nothing inorganic. The shape of Oedolgae formed by the daily erosion of wave and the weathering process. There is a small path in which it can walk along the edges of the island. In which I discovered that the venue was filmed by one of the most famous Korean drama - Dae Jang Geum. I was in love with the drama when I was young, I took tens of photos with the place that Jang Geum have been to.So, if you are I fan of Dae Jang Geum or you would like to see different shapes of stone, you are highly recommended to go there to have a look at the charming sea view.
Very beautiful scene!
Didn't expect to see such a good view there, the rock , island, and sea makes perfect scenario. Definitely a spot to visit if visiting Jeju!
Tickets from $7.50
Great views
The coastline along the bottom of Jeju-do, near Seogwipo is truly beautiful. Such clear blue waters and jagged, unusually shaped rocks and little rock pools everywhere - they look as though they were made for people to swim in! Oedolgae is found along this coastline, and while it is really only mildly interesting (it is just a strange-shaped rock sticking out of the water - apparently once scared off invading Mongolians), it is worth seeking out just to walk along the paths in the park near it. The rock pools along the coast line here would be perfect to swim in, in hot weather.
Scenic Shoots and Adventure 2-in-1
Bring your swimming gear along, it has a sea swimming pool during low tides, basically daytime. Seeing ppl drives and swimming. There is life-jacket rental available for snorkelling. No entrance ticket required. But the carpark attendance charged us W2K which seem only W1K per hour. No proper carpark control. See ppl park along road side.
Rock and sea and rock and sea
I dont know what so special about this oedolgae.. okay good view but not really special for me......
Nice view but many people
It's nice to see and easy to acces as it has an own bus stop.Something hapend there in a movie and therfore many people are there to see that place.
Nice view but touristy spot
The view is really great with the rocks, the ocean, the clear blue sky. But this spot is a bit touristy.There are 3 lookout points from which you can view this rock. Personally I think it's best to rest & enjoy a quiet moment here under the shady trees.I spent less than half an hour here as I was rushing to another spot. If I am to visit again, I'll give more time for this spot to stroll to all the 3 platforms.
Between the ocean and the sky - beautiful scenery
Walking along the path (towards the Oedolgae Rock) was one of the highlights (since this was the final stop) of our Jejueco Tour. Being almost right next to the sea and surrounded by nature, it was a good place to take photos with its awesome coastal views, clear sea blue waters and ocean breeze in the background. There is no admission charge to see the Oedolgae Rock, which is located on the Seogwipo side of the island. However, I think if you purposely made an effort just to visit the Oedolgae Rock, you might be a little underwhelmed, because it is after all just a lone rock that stands at 20m high and surrounded by sea. What made the difference was the mystical legend that surrounds the Oedolgae Rock as well as the scenery that greets you when you walk along the path that weaves its way along the coast, allowing you to view the Oedolgae Rock, which is also known as the Lonely Rock, from different angles. The area that surrounds the Oedolgae Rock is apparently the filming location of the Korean drama series, Jewel in the Palace (大長今).For more of my experience and photos, please check out my blog: http://www.travelbytez.com/2015/03/oedolgae-rock-and-great-sea-view.html
Beautiful walking course
Great walking trail with beautiful view of the sea and cliffs. There are plenty of places for nice photo spots and the cafes hidden here and there are added bonus. If you enjoy good long walks with nice ocean breeze, this is a must for you.
Coastal walk
Fresh air and beautiful scene of the sky, sea & rocks all together. Walk along the coastal path to take in the views from different angles. It is supposedly also the filming location of 大長今.
Very Nice place to understand and enjoy Jeju.
Very Nice place to understand and enjoy Jeju in South Korea. There is old story that a women had been waited for her husband who was fisherman.  She became the rock statue(Oeidolgae) because her husband couldn't come back home while fishing sunk by windstorm.  Also another point of sightseeing is beautiful beach with rocks. There is beach of rocks in this region.   You may see pics in TripAdvisor.  Atlas Dream.
trail and scenery
It is a good place for sunset viewing. Our tour guide show us a trail around 500m walking distance and from there, you will walking thru a breezing path enjoying the scenery and finally reach this place with a superb sunset viewing point.
Tickets from $7.50
Great view of the ocean and the Oedolgae
there is a main photo area where many tourists will be at to take photo of the rock formation, if you continue on the olle trail, you will discover a even bigger area with a more fantastic view!This place had left a very special memory for us!
Very well maintained trail
There are a few stories behind the Oeodolgae aka the Lonely Rock. The rock looked like a lady waiting for her husband to come back from sea. The rock is somewhere at the beginning of the trail. It took maybe about 40 minutes to finish this trail. It's one of the Olle trails and Dae Jang Geum was filmed here as well. There's a cafe along the trail in case you get tired or hungry. The water was crystal clear. Kept wanting to go swimming in it. if only it was warmer :( Walk slowly and enjoy the beautiful scenery.
Beautiful scenery
Located along Olle 7 (I believe) Oedolgae is a gorgeous coastline and certainly worth a visit! Spend the day walking the Olle trail and stopping for drinks and snacks along the way. Recommended!
beautiful
We walked to Oedolgae from Seogwipo on one of the Olle trails. It was a beautiful coastal walk between route 6 and route 7. There were lots of small cafes and stalls selling refreshments along the way and the rock itself was very picturesque. We went out of season so plenty of opportunities for photos
The Oedolgae Rock was nothing special but the scenery along the trail made up for it
The Oedolgae Rock was just a vertical piece of rock and did not excite me too much. However, the trail after the rock is scenic and has the best sunset view in Jeju. Do not miss it!
Great hiking trails
I loved the vistas here for photos and the large open spaces. Vendors sell local fruit. You can take the number 8 bus from downtown for 900 won or a taxi for about 2500 won.
Coastal scenery
There are many beautiful walks along this southern side of Jeju and this is another one. As it was so hot when we visited, our driver took us to a swimming hole among the rocks, down some steep steps at the opposite end of the walk to Oedolgae itself. Our families loved this very much.
This rocks
A pretty rock to look at and the surrounding area is also very pleasant to walk around. It's best to get there early to avoid the crowds and heat in summer, but definitely worth a visit.
Glad I went
I must confess this was not on our radar to visit. But due to the unforeseen weather conditions we were unable to visit Mount Hallasan and  so we decided to visit Oedolgae. This place was stunning and I am so glad we actually decided to visit. The guide books I think play this place down but it should be a small highlight of Jeju Island.
Spectacular in a storm
Visited Oldolgae on a stormy day.  Spectacular with waves crashing on the cliffs and strong wind blowing. Very close to Seogwipo town (5 minutes drive). Nice cliff top walk.
Tickets from $7.50
Bring your Snorkeling Gear!
This is a great place to go snorkeling and has some great views. There were a lot of people, but if you get there early you should be able to beat the crowds.
Wonderful views
Very impressive cliffs.  The blue ocean and crashing waves into soaring cliffs 20 meters high.  Great area to stroll around take some pix.  There's options to go down to the shore with a bit of a hike. Really unique land formations.
Well-designed footpath
This place is worth a visit as the rock and the surrounding area is lovely. The foot path was well-designed, making the walk enjoyable.
Great views
Family fun...there were views in every direction & everyone was friendly...a family allowed our daughter to walk their dog. The beautiful yellow flowers were everywhere. It was a nice little hike.
Oedolgae Rock
We visited Oedolgae as part of our Yeha Bus tour - South Course and it is just another perfect spot to stop and see Jeju's beauty.
Another great place in the southern part of Jeju
The views are magnificent as most of the places in this beautiful island. The place has been the scenario for some films such as Jewel in the Palace. Must go place
Stunning place
It’s view is spectacular and stunning. It gets famous due to one of the korean drama. it’s breathtaking scenery and you should not miss it when you are in Jeju.
Interesting Rock
Walk down the trails to be able to view the cliff and rock at different angle. We visited there around 9am, very good weather for morning walk along the trail.
Just a rock formation
Interesting rock formation open for imagination. Otherwise the area has not much other sights. There is no ticket required, so you can see the popularity is not great. Anyway, nice forested area is good for a quiet walk.
Good but not great
Its an interesting rock formation. I think it's not as impressive as the Jusangjeolli Cliffs. It was one of those take a few photos and go type of attraction  to me. There were quite a few people wearing their swim wear and snorkels. We were prepared for that. So, we just went for a glass of iced drink at the café by the parking lot. Our server was very helpful and fun.
Tickets from $7.50
Must-go place in Jeju
My number one favourite place in Jeju. The views are amazing and it's free! As you walk along the trail, you can get different views and there is a pool right down there where one can go for a dip or a swim. Although I didn't go for a swim there, just watching others dive and swim there is already a joy
Rock formations and trail walk
Good scenery location for photo taking & trail walk. Area are clean and windy. They are free parking area that i just realized after finished my activity here and my rent car parked in the paying area! Paid 2000 won to old man already waiting next to my car as i went to toilet.
It’s a 20 meter high rock
Information given in English about the legend of the rock.    You really have to use your imagination to see the woman.    While I didn’t think much of Oedolgae, there’s a lovely hike right along the coast, with pretty views.
Nice view for the sunset
The sunset at Oedolgae was beautiful. It was free parking and free entrance to go in. You can go down to the sea level but we chose to be seated at the top where we can see the skyline.
Beautiful walk
This rock has the legend of a beautiful wife praying for a loving husband who has gone missing when fishing. When you look you may find the shape of a lady praying with a man on the bottom with a big tummy. Even more impressive is the walk around the coastal nature. It is considered to be number one walking trail in Jeju, Ollegil no. 7.
Easy stroll to see another of Jeju's highlights
A short walk from the parking lot to see Oedolgae rock. Keep walking along the trail to get more views of the rock from different angles.
Come here on a cooler day
We came here but it was very hot and the sun intensity was very high. Its a long walk from the parking lot but worth it when you reach.We didn't go in the water because it was quite crowded when we went. It can be a bit tricky to climb and walk on the rocks so be careful.
Amazing view
I enjoyed this place even more than Jusangeolli, maybe because there were less people, or maybe because the view was just so serene.  It was a nice walk through some trees before getting to the viewing spot.  We went in the afternoon so the sun was just perfectly positioned.  I got some nice photos of this place, especially including the trees on top of the cliff to the right of the rock.  You can't miss seeing this place, even for just a few minutes.
Awesome view
Aside of the rock on the photos, if you follow the way out sign, there's also a place for you to swim in the sea. Unfortunately, I don't have much time to swim there. But I saw lots of people are having fun there.
Captivating Aerial View
On my 2nd day stay in Jeju Island,  I visit Oedolgae and the Olle Trail:) There are many tourists at that time but it didn't spoil my day in taking landscape shot. There are few stalls where you can buy drinks or grab some chips and buy simple souvenirs such as keychain and a lot more.  This place where the famous Jewel in the Palace used as backdrop. Amazing view and breathtaking how nature formed this pictureque scenery.Try to visit early morning where few people are roaming around. Noontime onwards, tourists are increasing in numbers.By the way,  the weather forecast that day, it will rain. Luckily, the rain pours in the evening on my way back home to Gongcheonpo Olle guesthouse
Tickets from $7.50
Quick Stop
We made a quick little stop here on our way back to the airport. We came in the morning and it was fairly easy to get parking and not too busy for taking pictures. It's a nice spot if it's on your way somewhere, but it's not a super must-see attraction.
Olle 7 attraction
This is one of the many highlights of olle 7 hiking trail.  It is quite a scenic spot, and hence all the tourists here.  There are small gift shops and little unmanned fruit stands along the way (you just need to pick up the oranges or crackers you want anf then leave your money behind)
Great rock  formation
This place gives you great views of the ocean as well as the famous rock formation-Oedolgae. It doesn't take long to get to it.
Jeju Oedolgae
It is easy to find and has a few parking places. No entrance fee. Restroom availabe at the parking lot. You walk alonxg the coast line and dont forget your camera. It is a nice spot for taking pictures. Has couple of small shops for water and fuits. Its worth to stop. Not easy for whell chair and stroller.
Awesome walk along the sea and FREE
Well maintained boardwalk along the coastline. Small stalls selling misc items. Not too crowded and there's even a small swimming hole on the east end of the trail
Beautiful walk along the coast
A beautiful scenic walk along the coast and the path was well taken care of. We walked to the right first and walked most of the path up until it started to inclined towards the end and then turned around and walked down the left path all the way to the parking lot. Definitely recommend walking both paths since you see different rock formations and the walk is not too difficult or long.
Stunning
Lovely views from every corner. We were lucky that weather cooperated that day. Make sure that you take your time walking the several trails.  Some of them have a few steep steps but not impossible unless you have issues with your legs or balance.Great spot for picture talking. Highly recommended.
Nice walk and swim!  Georgeous views!
Oedolgae can be translated to "lonely rock" is one of the most popular attractions on Jeju Island.  In addition to its historical importance, there are amazing trails and views from atop of the high cliffs.  If you don't mind the cold water, enjoy a dip into the naturally created pools at low tide.  This was a great half-day trip for our family of four.  We took a taxi there and walked back (45 minutes) to our hotel in Seogwipo.
Beautiful Rocks AND Natural Swimming?!
We went to see the beautiful rock formations but also enjoyed the natural swimming pools at the left side of the fork in the trail.  So much fun to enjoy the water on a hot day.  GORGEOUS views and just an awesome stop on your way around the island!
Better than the pictures
In order to get to Oedolgae, you walk through pretty coastal trails full of colorful flowers and some great views of the sea. Nearby is a nice rock beaches to cool down after your hike.
Tickets from $7.50
Nice natural pool
Great to look at but small and overcrowded, we went there at 11.00 and left pretty soon. Free access, stairs to reach sea level Very restricted swimming areaMaybe early in the morning or out of season......
Review of a 14 year old girl
Oedolgae was in fact quite ordinary.  The view was fine and there was not much to see.  Along the route down to the site, there were some stalls set up, which sold fruits, drinks  and local snacks.
Amazing view
Good place to visit. We have visited the place in he beginning of July on rainy season. In spite of that we really enjoyed the view. There's a track with the same name follow it. On the top of mountain there are some public trainers you may use any time and kind of garden houses to rest.  You can meet local salesmen selling local products and have a seat on the benches along the track to enjoy the view.
Breathtaking view
I think this is a must go location in Jeju. There are so many breathtaking views everywhere. Also I think the Korean drama Daejanggeum film one of its scene here, if you are fan of this drama then you have one more reason to go. You won't disappointed.
Last stop before dinner
Miss this place one the first day, try again to drive to this place. Another scenic sight but when you seen the others, this is ordinary.
Scenic view
It is accesible by public transport. There are near Seogwipo harbour.You can go from main road on foot like Olle trail-I forgot exact number-(there are blue and orange colors directions)-just follow one collor. Interesting bridge
This place is easy to access and everywhere is a photo zone
This place is famous not only because of the movie but also the breath taking scenery here. You can access the place with great view here. Don't forget to walk further in to other side of the rock whereby the movie taken place. There is a small park in which you can have picnic and enjoy the scenery there.
Quick visit
It is a very touristy attraction, so expect lots of crowds. Famous for being featured in Dae Jang Geum. Just a quick visit will do.
Worth a visit
We visited these as part of our guided tour and were impressed by the surrounding scenery and location. It's a wonderful way to see Jeju at its best, and the rocks are quite impressive. It doesn't take as long to see as you would think, but still worth an hour or so.
nice view
great bond with nature, although my husband commented: "we came here just to see the rock?" but we went to the other side of the park to see the cliff as well so he was also happy in the end.
Tickets from $7.50
Lovely spot at beginning of Olle Trail #7
This is a gorgeous spot on Jeju Island. It is very popular and can be quite crowded but the view can be enjoyed from many different spots.
Beautiful scenery
This is free, no entrance fee needed. But if you go by car, you need to pay the parking, about 2k Won as fas as I can remember.They have a path to walk along. You will enjoy the walk along the ocean, actually it is a quite long track, you can choose to walk from one end to another end. but during my time, we have a short time, so we just go and see the rock, took pictures, and go back. There will be a lot of people selling tangerines(oranges), their tangerines is so sweet, and it is only for 1k Won for 1 bag. and in their culture, after you eat the oranges, you can just throw it away to the ground, as it is organic, so return it back to the nature. you dont have to wait until you find the dustbins to throw it. you can throw the plastic in the dustbins but not the orange skin.
It's a rock.
It's a rock... Not much else to see here. About a 15 minute hike to see it and take a picture with it.
Breathtaking..
Beautiful place with an amazing view...managed to get here just before the sun goes down, lucky me..really enjoyed the moment(priceless!!)Entrance fee = freeParking fee = 1000 won
Nice view
One of the best Seongwipo city attraction for tourist, visitor can go along the path to view oedolgae and seasides.
Part of Olle trail #7
You can feel the coastal and the sea breeze along this trail.You can visit nearby Cheonjiyeon waterfall, or Saeseom (Saeyeongyo Bridge).
Stop by if you're nearby or avid K-drama fan
It's a large (somewhat phallic) rock. Nice view of the ocean but not worth deliberately seeking it out.
Oedolgae
A place for you to amaze how is The jeju island is so beatiuful. and if you one of the korean movie lover, do you know the place is used for one of the famous movie ?
Awesome Scenery
Just near to the Sammaebong Seougwipo City.  Oedolgae, a lone rock pillar is a gigantic rock pile arising from the azure sea along with pleasant smell of flowers and coffee bean from the café nearby.
Scenic seaside cliff
Walk about 5 minutes from the parking lot to arrive at wide open grass field that showcases a cliff side view out to sea.There are tall columns of rock formation that are the site's main attraction.You can also peer down the cliff side walkways down to the waves crashing against the bottom of cliffs.Pathway consist of some stairs and portions just muddy... May be rectified as they were doing some renovation work on paving those sections.
Tickets from $7.50
Amazing views and really dream land
Amazing sightseeing and really dream land with crystal clear and blue ocean. I highly recommend to visit this place .
A quick visit
Just a rock in the sea. Good for a few pictures, but it is difficult to take a proper picture as it is always crowded.
Scenic view...
Another beautiful place in Jeju. On a clear sunny day this place is soo beautiful... You can view the Odalgae from various viewpoint and it is breathtaking. It is also the location of Jewel in the Palace..which is an added bonus to those who had watched this drama. Another great place to visit in Jeju...
Okay nice walk
Pretty view and nice walk but nothing too spectacular.  My kids weren't too impressed.  There was a Korean drama filmed here that I guess was really popular.
nice scenic spot
yet another folk lore here and also the shooting location of a famous soap opera. it also leads to the trek trail.
Worth the hike
I revisited this place after being away for 1.5 yrs. Still love the hike. Do visit the cafe along the trail.My wife loves to take photos along this trail. Worth the visit if you like to hike.
stunning
it is a beautiful location. it reminds me of Ireland. Very nice place for a quiet evening. i spent 2 hourd over there just relaxing.
nice view and good to visit place
very close to segwipo city and easy access makes its must visit place if you are in segwipo city. The place is famous due to a korean drama., they have place the cut of the main character of the drama at the point it was shot. You take your pics there. there are 3 view points and is easily accessible (around 250m walk)
not only watching the rock, you can do some walking
apparently this is starting point of one of 'olle' walking course.we only walked little but if you feel like serious walking Oedolgae seems very nice point to start. very beautiful costal line here.
Course 7
Was doing my solo trekking on olle course 7 and of course this is the starting point of the course. Very beautiful cliff and coast line.
Tickets from $7.50
Beautiful scenery
I was in awe of the waves and how high we stood on the cliff against the shore. It was a little scary as at some point, I wasnt sure if we might fall. But it was a great place to look at the sea and take a stroll there.
Romantic place for 2
The scenery was awesome and romantic. Lots of couple came here to take photos. There are also 2 natural rock pools where you can swim.
Beautiful walk
If you go there just to see the Lonely Rock, you may feel somewhat underwhelmed. However, there is a nice walk along the coast. When I was there, it was sunny and breezy. I really enjoyed the walk, the beautiful coastal view, the clear water and the fresh air. I wasn't disappointed at all.
Korean symbol
Just a rock in the sea, but looks beautiful. Had a dorama filmed nearby, many people shoot this site
Beautiful!
The Oedolgae rock itself is a self standing rock that looks out into the sea. My Korean tour guide advised that it is also known a the lonely grandmother rock, looking out to the sea, waiting for the safe return of grandfather. The rock itself is interesting, but the coast line is also very beautiful. For Daejangguem lovers, there is a small photo area for pictures. If you are in Seogwipo and love nature, this is a must-see attraction imho.
Good view
Good view if you go on the day they don't have a heavy fog like me 555Please look for the weather forecast before you go.You have to pay 2000 KRW for a parking fee
An Incredible View--A Moving Legend
Every view from this observation point seems to be more dramatic and beautiful than the one before it.  You will enjoy learning the story behind these towering formations which have served as a backdrop to several Korean historical movies and dramas.
Another slice of heaven
Mere words cannot express how beautiful Jeju Island is and Oedolgae is particularly lovely. A huge rock pool where you can dive and swim - it's great!
Lovely stretch of stroll-worthy coastline
We stayed in a pension (inn) near Oedolgae for the 2nd time and it's still as beautiful as I remember it the first time 3 years ago. One of Jeju island's great "Olle" trails (#7) passes through here so you can include Oedolgae Rock in a half-day or even daylong seaside walk of up to 10 km or more. The hordes of tourists come nowadays as the province has built more facilities and cut down some trees but it's still a poetically pretty spot worth a look. Come early or late if possible and have it all to yourself.
Quite an unbelievable story behind and film site of a TV series
Free admission, strong wind as it is at the coast. A volcanic activity aftermath feature, work of nature. Nice walk around the area but if in rush for time and not a Korea serial fan, you can skip
Tickets from $7.50
Just another rock
Really....it is just another rock with a legend.  It seems that everyone turns into rock while waiting for someone....story line is always the same.  If you are a big fan of Korean drama - Daejeonggeum, then this is the place for you.  A lot of tourist stops here....maybe becos it has no admissions fees.  Try and come early in the morning as the tour buses start coming in late morning.
Great scenery, nice walk
The stand-alone rock wasn't as impressive as say the Twelve Apostles in Melbourne, but it was nice to walk and take in the sights in the area.If you are a fan of Korean drama serial, Da Changjin (大長今), you'll see that they filmed some scenes here (marked by some cut-out boards)On the way out, we saw a store selling black or red volcanic rocks (plus drinks and a really yummy grape ice bar). These rocks float cos of the air trapped in the holes. We bought some home as souvenirs to remember Jeju.I'll recommend taking a walk in the area. The views were great and it was most enjoyable.
Nice view
This rock is really popular location in Jeju and also  Olle trail part.We have seen it just from quite far apart, but that was worth as well.Don't miss an opportunity, because it doesn't take a lot of time.
Its a rock...
Jeju island is a really beautiful place and there is so many amazing sites but i was a bit underwhelmed by this view compared to others i saw. I'd say it was worth seeing if you are in the area but essentially its just a rock, and there are lots more, much prettier rocks, around the island!n.b. through our hotel we booked a taxi driver for the day for 130'000 (£73 or $112)  - and chose a route round the island that took us to Manjang Cave, Seongsan Ilchulbong Crater , Seongeup Folk Village, Jeongbang Falls and finally Oedolgae Rock. Enrty fees for everything was only about 12'000 (£7 or $10) and the trip was well worth the money.
Beautiful view, not to be missed.
Oedolgae rock is a human face shaped rock at the end of the sea. Though the main attraction is the Oedolgae rock, but the surrounding is really pretty. The blue sea, the trees, everything is just really pretty and clean. You should be able to enjoy yourself here. The spot was also one of the filming location of the famous historical TV drama Dae Jang Geum. Every part of Seogwipo in Jeju is really amazing.
Good trail with scenery views
Legend said this stone is a woman who waited her man come back from sea. If ignore this kind of legend, this place is a good trail where you can capture a lot of good photos. Don't just look at this rock, follow the trail on the left, will guide you to a wooden bridge, there also a tiny stairs that can reach some rocks and seaside (look like ponds).
magnificent
okay, it's just a rock. but the view is amazingly beautiful. the azure water really make me want to jump in. this is a perfect spot where you should spend your evening
Interesting and beautiful trail
It is part of an Olle trail and well known as a filming location, so it is a bit crowded. But the trail after, is beautiful.
Beautiful!
There are places in Jeju that convince you that you made the right decision to go there -- they're just really beautiful. Oedolgae is one of those places. It's just a photo spot that will take about 15 minutes of your time. The rock formation is interesting and the place is just lovely in a natural way. I gave this a 4/5 because it's not difficult to get there from the entrance of the park -- no steep mountains and such to climb in order to see the view.There's not much to do here -- just check it out and move on.
Oedolgae, Scenic Coastline of Jeju-do
Well-known by Korean tourists to Jeju as a filming location for the very popular drama "Daejangguem", Oedolgae is perhaps the most scenic volcanic rock formation on the island. The area is more of a viewpoint attraction, you walk the beautiful coastline only so far. Most visitors spend 30-60 minutes visiting the site, cameras are usually busy. If you're visiting Jeju during the summer, it is probably best to visit Oedolgae in the morning before it gets too busy. Jeju is full of dramatic coastline, this is one of the most picturesque locations.
Tickets from $7.50
