Good way to beat the heat and see some cool stuff
Went out here because it was recommended via a coworker. Would definitely recommend! Keep in mind the cave was much colder then outside so don’t be surprised. Also, I don’t know who needs to hear this but wear appropriate shoes. Kitten heels are not it. The floors are wet, uneven, and just not for cute heels. I’d recommend visiting the Information center first there was a lot of good information.
Great Activity close to airport
We went here right as we landed, it was a fun way to get moving after sitting on the plane for a couple of hours.  Really enjoyed this cave experience.
Great experience, appropriate clothing required.
Very cool trip and 2km walk underground in the lava tube. Largest in the world. It is dark, cool and damp. The walking surface is cooled lava, so I'd recommend appropriate footwear. The lighting is respectful for the nature of the cave and energy efficient. Plenty of photo opportunities, for the low entrance price I was very pleased!!I wouldn't recommend any strollers or children who are learning to walk unless you plan to carry them the entire cave visit.
One of the coolest places
Walking through the lava tubes is just an amazing experience.  It is surreal and beautiful to see what millennia of lava flow has created.  One of the best places to see on Jeju Island.
Super interesting and cool for the summer.
Amazing place to wander and explore in a safe atmosphere. The history and information are written in Korean and English, so it is foreigner friendly. Definitely a must if you’re interested in the volcanic history of the island!
Its a lava tube...
We had a great time walking thru the lava tubes, talking about how they were formed and all the science behind this ecosystem.  Our friends ask if we recommend it and we do, but you need you to understand its a cave/lava tube and NOT a theme park style attraction.
So cool
Loved my first visit to a lava tube cave. Dark, lots of texture, educational information provided. Lots of fun and nice even on a rainy day!
(not) Creepy place to visit
I love this cave as it was calmy, a little bit wet but make you comfortable after a long walk from the bus stop. I had to walk 3km or more (I think) coz my legs felt so sore, but I love the walk inside the cave. If you take a public bus, don't finish up too late as you might miss the last bus.
overrated
little bit disappointed, I wish I can see spectacular stalagmites and special lighting. but the cave very ordinary.
Long cool lava cave
Nice place to visit. U walk into the tunnel until its very derp end almost 1km in..... Then finally at the end of the tunnel u will get to see the light and the only stalagmite in the entire cave.... Lights in the caves are sufficient but not bright enough. The thing is, we thought the wet floors would be slippery but surprisingly thruout our entire walk into and out of the cave, there was absolutely no spot thatvwas slippery, thanks to the natural grooves on the ground which may have been created by the lava flow hundreds of years ago. Nice to explore, but obviously not for those who are claustrophobic.
Interesting lava tube, but not an easy walk!
Unlike other caves, this cave was a natural lava tube...worth experiencing, if you've never been to one.  However, there are a lot of steps to get down to the cave level, and the walk itself is not smooth...basically dried lava beds from thousands of years ago, uneven, yet well preserved.  There was sufficient lighting, but not bright enough for great pictures, so make sure your camera is capable of this.  Cave was cool and dark in most areas, and you may experience drips from stalactites above!
Unique Lava Cave
It is very unique with all the breathtaking stone formations. Althought it might request some walking but it is worth to visit!
First time exploring a lava tube.
Interesting experience. You can actually feel the breeze inside the cave. The coloured lights add on to the ambience. The soten formations in the cave are amazing to look at.
Must Go
This is a good location you should spend time to visit, nice and you can see some different kind of cave, some of the cave have spotlight follow so amazing. friendly reminder, please wear a shoes instead of slipper or sandals because the floor very wet.
Amazing
I've visited many caves but by far this is the first lava tube that I have experienced. It is interesting to know the science and geography behind this magnificent tube. However, only 1 km deep into the tube is open to tourists. You can take a public bus directly from the Jeju bus station if you opt to travel on a budget. The bus fare is less than KRW 2000 compared to very pricey tours with taxi. The bus ride is only slightly more than an hour away from Jeju City.
Science and History
Adventure seekers this cave is alive with breathtaking stone formations inside. Although a cave... its like a great park beneath with guided lights making your adventure lighter and easy.
Vacation
Worth it, Super good! Done in about an hour and with young children. Eye opening and interesting geography lesson. UNESCO 3 Star site.
A history place
Manjanggul cave is a nice place that worth to visit, history how the cave made by. The length of cave is around 1 kilometre.
Good experience to explore the lava tube
Estimate to spend 2 hours. wear good shoes and jacket. The cave is quite cold and wet. Uneven roads and required to walk on few staircase too. but overall experience is great.
Just like most caves but with very bad, rocky uneven ground
We have visited many caves in various countries. More or less they are quite similar. Dark, quiet, mysterious, cold, etc.As with every cave, it's not well litted & its quite dark in certain sections of the cave. Being a natural formation, the ground is usually uneven. Particularly for this cave , the unevenness is very bad. And rocky in certain parts. We spent the most of the time in the cave focussing on the rough/uneven ground rather than the place - in order not to slip or fall. One can easily slip or fall on the widespread/rocky uneveness here & darkness if you looked up rather than down ;& get sprained ankles or worse injuries if you fall.Do not recommend children, elderly or physically disadvantaged people to visit this cave or any caves.Frankly, we were not keen to see yet another cave but since it was part of our paid day tour, why waste it?
Fascinating cave exploration on a wet afternoon
The caves are indeed worth the visit. It’s a UNESCO world heritage site with carefully preserved Lava tubes and caves. The whole Jeju island was designated as a GeoPark in 2010.
A cool lava tube
The prospect of walking through a cavern formed by lava was extremely exciting for my wife and me. So although we were staying in Seogwipo and wanted to see Udo Island and Ilchulbong on the same day, we decided to visit Manjangul. It was a 3.5-hour long journey by bus and another 15-minute walk from the bus stop. It was a hot and humid day, but as we entered the cavern, it was cool. Droplets of water trickled down on us and the deeper we went, the cooler it got. The cavern is lit up just adequately to help you find your way around and read the signages about the different formations inside the cavern. Watch your step and mind your head. The floor is wet and slippery and there are low rocky ceilings in places. So have a safe and enjoyable experience. It's cool, in every way.
Massive cave
We went to this cave as friends want to visit even it was not on my bucket list. It was impressive to see volcanic layers and massive path inside. We walked down all way to the end i.e. 1 km away and walk back again. Personally, I don't find it interesting.
very interesting
I'm glad I went in this tunnel. Very educational. Truly a wonder of nature. The turtle rock shape is like Jeju island.
Worth visiting
Entrance fee costed me 4 000 krw. Reachable by bus. The view inside of the cave is very intriguing and fascinating. For me, it is worth it to visit.
Quite boring!
It’s like a walk in the dark. Watch your steps as the floor is uneven and could be slippery. Nothing much to see unless you are into geography. there are definitely nicer places in Jeju to visit than this cave.
Fascinating stroll underground.
Bring sturdy shoes with good traction.  A flashlight will also help.   Even though people say it's cold,  the humidity makes it quite warm and we didnt need our jackets.
Couple recharge weekend!
While it rained most of the weekend.  There was still traffic to and from the caves and the sights we great
Great experience
Make sure to wear good shoes.  Also wear rain gear to keep from getting wet.   Walk slow and you should be fine.   Great experience and would recommend to visit. !
Interesting place, unique experience
Worth the trip, and remember to bring warm clothes. Very good information around the site, also in English.
Good way to beat the heat and see some cool stuff
Went out here because it was recommended via a coworker. Would definitely recommend! Keep in mind the cave was much colder then outside so don’t be surprised. Also, I don’t know who needs to hear this but wear appropriate shoes. Kitten heels are not it. The floors are wet, uneven, and just not for cute heels. I’d recommend visiting the Information center first there was a lot of good information.
Great Activity close to airport
We went here right as we landed, it was a fun way to get moving after sitting on the plane for a couple of hours.  Really enjoyed this cave experience.
Great experience, appropriate clothing required.
Very cool trip and 2km walk underground in the lava tube. Largest in the world. It is dark, cool and damp. The walking surface is cooled lava, so I'd recommend appropriate footwear. The lighting is respectful for the nature of the cave and energy efficient. Plenty of photo opportunities, for the low entrance price I was very pleased!!I wouldn't recommend any strollers or children who are learning to walk unless you plan to carry them the entire cave visit.
One of the coolest places
Walking through the lava tubes is just an amazing experience.  It is surreal and beautiful to see what millennia of lava flow has created.  One of the best places to see on Jeju Island.
Super interesting and cool for the summer.
Amazing place to wander and explore in a safe atmosphere. The history and information are written in Korean and English, so it is foreigner friendly. Definitely a must if you’re interested in the volcanic history of the island!
Its a lava tube...
We had a great time walking thru the lava tubes, talking about how they were formed and all the science behind this ecosystem.  Our friends ask if we recommend it and we do, but you need you to understand its a cave/lava tube and NOT a theme park style attraction.
So cool
Loved my first visit to a lava tube cave. Dark, lots of texture, educational information provided. Lots of fun and nice even on a rainy day!
(not) Creepy place to visit
I love this cave as it was calmy, a little bit wet but make you comfortable after a long walk from the bus stop. I had to walk 3km or more (I think) coz my legs felt so sore, but I love the walk inside the cave. If you take a public bus, don't finish up too late as you might miss the last bus.
overrated
little bit disappointed, I wish I can see spectacular stalagmites and special lighting. but the cave very ordinary.
Long cool lava cave
Nice place to visit. U walk into the tunnel until its very derp end almost 1km in..... Then finally at the end of the tunnel u will get to see the light and the only stalagmite in the entire cave.... Lights in the caves are sufficient but not bright enough. The thing is, we thought the wet floors would be slippery but surprisingly thruout our entire walk into and out of the cave, there was absolutely no spot thatvwas slippery, thanks to the natural grooves on the ground which may have been created by the lava flow hundreds of years ago. Nice to explore, but obviously not for those who are claustrophobic.
Interesting lava tube, but not an easy walk!
Unlike other caves, this cave was a natural lava tube...worth experiencing, if you've never been to one.  However, there are a lot of steps to get down to the cave level, and the walk itself is not smooth...basically dried lava beds from thousands of years ago, uneven, yet well preserved.  There was sufficient lighting, but not bright enough for great pictures, so make sure your camera is capable of this.  Cave was cool and dark in most areas, and you may experience drips from stalactites above!
Unique Lava Cave
It is very unique with all the breathtaking stone formations. Althought it might request some walking but it is worth to visit!
First time exploring a lava tube.
Interesting experience. You can actually feel the breeze inside the cave. The coloured lights add on to the ambience. The soten formations in the cave are amazing to look at.
Must Go
This is a good location you should spend time to visit, nice and you can see some different kind of cave, some of the cave have spotlight follow so amazing. friendly reminder, please wear a shoes instead of slipper or sandals because the floor very wet.
Amazing
I've visited many caves but by far this is the first lava tube that I have experienced. It is interesting to know the science and geography behind this magnificent tube. However, only 1 km deep into the tube is open to tourists. You can take a public bus directly from the Jeju bus station if you opt to travel on a budget. The bus fare is less than KRW 2000 compared to very pricey tours with taxi. The bus ride is only slightly more than an hour away from Jeju City.
Science and History
Adventure seekers this cave is alive with breathtaking stone formations inside. Although a cave... its like a great park beneath with guided lights making your adventure lighter and easy.
Vacation
Worth it, Super good! Done in about an hour and with young children. Eye opening and interesting geography lesson. UNESCO 3 Star site.
A history place
Manjanggul cave is a nice place that worth to visit, history how the cave made by. The length of cave is around 1 kilometre.
Good experience to explore the lava tube
Estimate to spend 2 hours. wear good shoes and jacket. The cave is quite cold and wet. Uneven roads and required to walk on few staircase too. but overall experience is great.
Just like most caves but with very bad, rocky uneven ground
We have visited many caves in various countries. More or less they are quite similar. Dark, quiet, mysterious, cold, etc.As with every cave, it's not well litted & its quite dark in certain sections of the cave. Being a natural formation, the ground is usually uneven. Particularly for this cave , the unevenness is very bad. And rocky in certain parts. We spent the most of the time in the cave focussing on the rough/uneven ground rather than the place - in order not to slip or fall. One can easily slip or fall on the widespread/rocky uneveness here & darkness if you looked up rather than down ;& get sprained ankles or worse injuries if you fall.Do not recommend children, elderly or physically disadvantaged people to visit this cave or any caves.Frankly, we were not keen to see yet another cave but since it was part of our paid day tour, why waste it?
Fascinating cave exploration on a wet afternoon
The caves are indeed worth the visit. It’s a UNESCO world heritage site with carefully preserved Lava tubes and caves. The whole Jeju island was designated as a GeoPark in 2010.
A cool lava tube
The prospect of walking through a cavern formed by lava was extremely exciting for my wife and me. So although we were staying in Seogwipo and wanted to see Udo Island and Ilchulbong on the same day, we decided to visit Manjangul. It was a 3.5-hour long journey by bus and another 15-minute walk from the bus stop. It was a hot and humid day, but as we entered the cavern, it was cool. Droplets of water trickled down on us and the deeper we went, the cooler it got. The cavern is lit up just adequately to help you find your way around and read the signages about the different formations inside the cavern. Watch your step and mind your head. The floor is wet and slippery and there are low rocky ceilings in places. So have a safe and enjoyable experience. It's cool, in every way.
Massive cave
We went to this cave as friends want to visit even it was not on my bucket list. It was impressive to see volcanic layers and massive path inside. We walked down all way to the end i.e. 1 km away and walk back again. Personally, I don't find it interesting.
very interesting
I'm glad I went in this tunnel. Very educational. Truly a wonder of nature. The turtle rock shape is like Jeju island.
Worth visiting
Entrance fee costed me 4 000 krw. Reachable by bus. The view inside of the cave is very intriguing and fascinating. For me, it is worth it to visit.
Quite boring!
It’s like a walk in the dark. Watch your steps as the floor is uneven and could be slippery. Nothing much to see unless you are into geography. there are definitely nicer places in Jeju to visit than this cave.
Fascinating stroll underground.
Bring sturdy shoes with good traction.  A flashlight will also help.   Even though people say it's cold,  the humidity makes it quite warm and we didnt need our jackets.
Couple recharge weekend!
While it rained most of the weekend.  There was still traffic to and from the caves and the sights we great
Great experience
Make sure to wear good shoes.  Also wear rain gear to keep from getting wet.   Walk slow and you should be fine.   Great experience and would recommend to visit. !
Interesting place, unique experience
Worth the trip, and remember to bring warm clothes. Very good information around the site, also in English.
Nice visit to a cave
It’s a cave, but a long one. With a story to tell. Interesting rock features related to how it was formed with good signage in Korean, English & Chinese. Areas marked out & lit appropriately for safety. Well thought out balance between safety & keeping the natural features.
Interesting Lava Cave
A lengthy exploration of a lava tube, lots of geological features to experience. Entrance fee is reasonable.
If you crave a cave...
This is a great volcanic cave with very interesting information cards dotted around to teach the novice geologist more about how it was formed and the story of the cave. Its a bit out the way but you can get the 101 circle route to nearby then one of the 7xx buses up to it
Must see on West side.
An absolute must-see on a visit to Jeju. Walk a kilometre in an underground tunnel formed by lava flow. The display boards explain what you're seeing so the rocks are interesting even if you have no previous knowledge of geology. Included in most tours of the West side of the island.
Brilliant
Wished they opened more of the cave for public viewing though! It was very well preserved and maintained. A really long walk to and fro. My favourite attraction in jeju by a mile.
Worth it, just go!
Such an awesome excursion. Doesn’t take too long and there are cool explanation signs along the way. Highly recommend and is super fun. Gets chilly so make sure you bring a sweater, it’s a nice escape from the hot humid jeju weather. Easy to park and easy to find.
Chilly Cave Worth Discovering!
The temperature inside the cave is between 13 and 16 degrees celsius despite outside summer weather. Hence it is good if you can bring along a sweater or jacket. Also bring something to protect your head from the cold cave droplets. Overall, it is a wonderful experience to explore this amazing cave. Look for the iconic turtle rock as well as the large column rock at the end of your 1km trail.
Amazing experience for kids and adults alike
Having never seen a lava tube cave before, we were very keen to go here. We live on Jeju Island so it wasn't a terribly long trek to get there. Not exactly on the beaten path, but not too far off either. Once you arrive, there's a small information center that explains the history, science, and mythology surrounding the cave. There's also a restaurant on site, which we didn't use, and then there's the short walk to the cave entrance. Here's the only reason I didn't give this a rating of 5. I have some minor mobility issues stemming from multiple knee surgeries and the entrance to the cave is a fairly lengthy and sometimes steep set of stairs that can be wet and slippery. Once you're in the cave, however, it's not too bad to traverse unless you have much more significant mobility issues. There are a few places where you have to go up ramps or small sets of stairs, all of which are industrially produced. The cave itself is quite dark and damp, and I'd recommend long sleeves if you're prone to feeling cold. Definitely wear good walking/hiking shoes as the cave does not have a full walkway installed. You're walking over ground that is solidified lava. It's about a 1km walk to the end of tourist access where there is an impressive lava column, which they claim is the largest in the world. There's an observation deck approaching it, but you cannot go past and actually touch the column. Along the way, there are decent informational placards in multiple languages, including English. The explanations are reasonable for most people, including children, to understand. Our kids, ages 7 and 5, enjoyed the experience, particularly because you could get right up beside the cave walls and touch them, along with other artifacts inside the cave. For anyone interested in geology or volcanos, it's a great experience. Price is reasonable too. We paid 12,000 won, which is currently a little over $10 US, for four people. Supposedly children under 7 are free with ID, but we didn't ask about that for our younger one.
Amazing lava Tube
World heritage Site. 13km long lava tube under Jeju Island. Formed by successive eruptions. The section that can be visited is about 1km long - first descending down two levels into the lava tube where the roof has collapsed and then walking up the tube under the mountain and ending at a lava pillar where the lave cascaded down from a parallel tube running above.  There is good lighting and regular interpretive signs.  Wear good footwear as it it wet underfoot even on hot and dry days.  It is also nice a cool on a summer day.
Breath taking
It is beautiful,  seeing nature transformed.  Wear comfortable shoes with traction,  closed toes. It can be slippery and the rocks can be slick. Bring a light jacket bc it is cool down there. There are about 75 to 100 steps of stairs.There is a delicious restaurant on site. They do take credit cards. There is also a mini convenience store. Restrooms are clean and well maintained.
Definitely worth it
Amazing lava tube, much bigger than other ones I've seen. The 1km each way feels like a very long distance!I went in the middle of a storm - the cave had waterfalls and streams flowing... quite surreal underground. A raincoat and torch are a must.
Manjanggual Lava Tube
One of UNESCO site, worth visiting. It is a good experience walking through a dark, deep and huge cave.  Very important to wear a proper walking shoes if you are exploring the caves as it is not easy to navigate the 1KM long rough path of lava stones.  Bring a jacket as the temperature is cold inside (14 degree celsius), and a torch light if you can to help you as some rock surfaces were slippery with puddles of water around throughout the journey. It is rather tiring to navigate in the dark as you will be focusing on the ground instead of enjoying the surrounding lava structures.
Not to be missed!!
This was the highlight of our trip. Not sure where else in the world you can see something like this. Awesome to be walking on what was once flowing lava. It also helps that it is colder once you enter (like air conditioning). Given it was 90F outside, this was very welcome 😁
1km Cave Walk
It is 1 km trail one way and nothing much. The ground is uneven so a good footwear is essential and can be a bit cool.
Average
I went at July... quite a few steps down from entrance to cave and the floor is slippery with water...  You can feel the chill at entry, I suggest you remain in motion to avoid get cold..Walking around can be a challenge for some (especially for the elderly) since the floor is very rough and uneven, this is exacerbated by poor lighting in most parts throughout the cave.. a lot people used torches from phones to get around...It’s annoying for a inquisitive person as the half of the sign and info are Korean only... The interior of the space is pretty featureless... only two noticeable Lime stone caves are a lot more pretty, but it’s worth going if you are in the area and never been in a Lava Cave
Manjanggul
Very nice, also very cool inside. Walk is pretty light but the floor is uneven so wear your walking shoes.
Dark and Slippery Manjang Cave
It was hot at the cave entrance at 32 degrees.  There is notice at entrance on temperature drop to 10 degrees as we continued the walk.  It is a 1 hour to and fro walk along the dark and slippery cave萬丈窟.  Good for those who like trekking.
Super cool place to visit
We didn't go on a tour; we just walked through the caves at our own pace reading all the signs. It was a pretty neat place to visit, unlike an other place I'd been before. It gets cool down in the cave, even in hot July weather so bring a long sleeve shirt or light jacket.
Unique place to visit
Not many such places are open to public visit, so I will say this is something interesting to explore if you visit Jeju. Temperature is lower than outside, so do bring a jacket or wear long sleeves if you are scare of cold. Physical mobility is required as there are steep steps to walk down to the entrance and paths are uneven.There is a restaurant and convenient store on site. We had lunch at the restaurant after the visit. Pretty decent Korean meals. Have translation app ready if you do not read Korean as menu is in Korean .
-
Felt like there was nothing much to see. It was really cold so do wear long sleeves! Other than that, perhaps bring a torchlight
Quick and fun!
I’ve visited this place with my GF. Definitely a date spot! Although some families also go with kids, from my point of view, not a family thing... but I might me wrong!It’s cold! Very cold! Wet and definitely slippery! Be prepared! But definitely amazing! 1km walk in and 1 km return walk out cane be done in quite 30 mins or so.Perfect if you go only once in your life! A must do if you are in Jeju. I guess...
Awesome if you like caves
The cave is very impressive.  The walking is quite rough. Watch your step!  Worth a visit- but it is a cold wet cave....
Nice place to spend some time
The lava tube was well maintained and informative. It was a great place to escape the heat. It takes roughly one hour to make it through the lava tube and back.
Awesome trip
Cold lave tunnel at 12.4 degrees Celsius. Very educational and good for hiking.Entire tunnel is 7.4km, only 1km (the middle section) is opened to public.My 2nd time visiting, still very amazed with all these rock formation.
Be prepared for a sudden plunge in temperature.
It was indeed a unique experience entering a lava tube. We do enjoyed the view of spectacular work of Mother Nature. However, do be prepared for a sudden plunge in temperature. The temperature outside doesn’t not reflect the exact temperature inside. We weren’t prepared for a sudden drop from 25C to 12C when we walk further into the cave. Also, do come with shoes with good grip as the flooring is filled with pot holes and it’s always wet. Do highly recommend a visit to this really unique cave.
Not exceptional but interesting
Worth an excursion, not worth a dedicated trip.  Tourist friendly. Being at it should be 3rd-4th attraction to visit.
Very cool If you're into geology
It's deep and long and wet and cold but pretty amazing.  It's lit with pathways and only 1 way in and out.  It's about 1km long and you double back the same way you came.  It's pretty easy to access, saw a lot of seniors and children, there's about 20-40 stairs I guess to get you down. Not too many opportunities where you can walk actual lava tube.  Give it about 1 hour to do.
Come if never seen a lava tube cave but nothing inside wowed me, not sure about you
Second time here with another friend. More time this round to walk leisurely.As said in the title, no wow, OMG thing inside you'll find unless probably you are an geologist, etc. The most memorable is probably the experience of walking on very uneven, ripply hardened lava ground spotted with many puddles in near total darkness through low and tall ceiling of an underground tunnel.
Not exactly what I was expecting
Having visited other caves in Vietnam and Australia, I was expecting a more developed tourist spot. The visit is essentially a 2km walk under low-light and chilly conditions. Most of the place is wet and somewhat slippery. I will not recommend it unless you have spare time in Jeju
Highly recommended activity. Great rainy day alternative
Free carpark. There’s a replica fountain of the real lava column which is found at the end of the tunnel. Entrance costs 1000 won. Descent about 80 steep steps into the tunnel. Temp change can be felt immediately. Floors are damp from the rain and the water drippings from the ceilings. Best to have a hoodie and raincoat or an umbrella. The tunnels are very dark and damp. Go slowly and let the eyes adjust to the dim conditions.  There is a marking at 850metres which is great as it is difficult to gauge the distance while walking in the dark. Then you will have 150 metres more to go before reaching the end of the tunnel open to public. The world’s largest lava column, 7.6m in height is located at the end. Advise: wear sensible shoes with good grip as the floors are damp and slippery ; warm clothing; carry a torch- or use your phone’s flashlight. It makes the trek so much easier. Lastly, restrooms located at the surface level are decent though damp and a bit stinky.
Too wet and slippery- not for old people
Good experience to go into a lava cave. But floor in the cave is wet,slippery and uneven. Not meant for family with very young children and old people. Ok
Very Nice Experience
My family explored this location during a family trip to Jeju Island.  My toddler twins are three years old and, with help, were able to navigate the entire length of the cave and back to the entrance.  The lava caves are fascinating and it's a good workout.  It is very damp, cool, and dripping inside - make sure to bring a windbreaker with a hood.  You can do it without (we had just sweaters) but it would have been better to be wearing that.  Plus, there are extensive puddles so waterproof shoes are a good option!  My only suggestion would be to increase the lighting a bit so guests can really appreciate the lava markings - the atmosphere with the low light is nice but I wanted to see more of the characteristics of the lava versus a non-lava flow cave.  Some people brought a flashlight and that seems like a great idea.  The price was very reasonable and there is a restaurant and clean restrooms.
Unique and worth visiting!
Transportation: There are several buses that make stops at this destination, but just like everything in Jeju, rental car is the recommended mode of travel. Food: the lava tubes does have a restaurant colocated but I did not eat. There are also some snacks you can purchase here but you are not allowed to bring them down into the lava tubes. Attraction: The scale of the lava tube really surprised me. We descended roughly 30 feet into the lava tube after we purchased our tickets ($4 pp). The stairs were slippery, so be cautious when descending. Don’t worry if you have claustrophobia, The tube is about 25ft across and 20 feet high! There are no tour guides, so you won’t have anybody explaining the history or the geology of the tubes, but there are educational signs posted about every 100 feet. There was also a great museum on sit I recommend visiting prior to going into the lava tubes. Great place to visit, and it took us about 1 hour and 15 minutes.
A unique experience
A unique must-do in my books to go where lava has gone before.   It is also a cave, so it dark, a little chilly with the occasional water drop.  The cave is left largely in its raw form (which was great) but it also meant an uneven and potholed path which requires a great deal of care walking it.
Must-see if you never visit a lava tunnel
Place for everyone who like caves, volcanos or geology. The cave is long, but the one kilometre available for tourists is enough. There are many interesting lava formations, described in English. Beside that the cave is just beautiful. The temperature inside is around 10°C, humidity close to 100%. If you are not very fond of caves, stones or walking, probably you should skip it. :-)
Must visit in Jeju
It was a unique experience. Were totally in awe. Temperature inside the cave is much lower than outside. Jacket is a must. Most important is wearing comfortable footwear. Sports shoes would be right. There is lighting inside but you could carry a good torch light as well for better visibility.
Interesting 1km-long walk in a lava tube
Manjanggul cave is a 7.4km long lava tube, although it is only possible to walk for the first kilometer. It takes about an hour. Manjanggul cave is said to be one of the largest lava tube in the world. During the walk, one can really feel the size. There are open spaces here and there that are indeed pretty large and spacious. I appreciated the nice selection of several lava formations that was available, each of them being in general accompanied by few pieces of information. In particular, one should not miss the locally-famous 'turtle' rock (an accretion of lava around a fallen rock that has a turtle shape) and the tallest lava column in the world (7.6 meters high, see the picture I uploaded).There is an entrance fee, but it is very reasonable (about 2 USD).Overall, the visit is worthy but one must be ready about what Manjanggul Cave is: a dark and humid cave with a few stones and lava formations.
Long underground tunnel
Maybe it’s just me but I found I didn’t find it very interesting. There was an entrance fee of 2000 krw per person. We descended around two flights of stairs before reaching the cave. The cave is similar to a looong tunnel and it was very cold. There were some interesting formations on the wall but it gets monotonous after several meters.
Dark tunnel
Was amazing to know how it's formed but it was very dark. Would prefer to explore the beaches or go for other hikes
Caves
Good views. UNESCO site.Natural volcanic history n lava tubes.Lighted direction arrows on footpath was useful.
Something like that you can't find in Europe - most probably
Very interesting cave, which has been created by the vulcano. 1km long tunnel available for tourists inside of old not active  vulcano. Not difficult to reach and walk. Little dark, but lamps inside are giving sufficient light. Very good level of safety. Info how long to walk, communication system with support team,  stairs, bridges, walking paths. Information boards describing what you can see in cave. Even young children like 3-6y can easily enjoy this trip.
Nice experience
This ‘Unesco’ lava grot is quite nice. You can walk a kilometer underground in a dark cave with lots of information panels in English and Korean/Hangul. The Floor is uneven and the temperature is ten degrees Celsius. We did not expect something special, but overal it was a nice experience with a rewarding pilar at the end of the walk.
Nice walk
The floor is uneven and the lighting is dim, not for those with walking issues. Nice place to see the strange wall formation due to lava. Only 1 km and mostly even.  The tourists can be a bit noisy, hope the bats in the other parts are not too disturbed
AMAZING!!
An absolute must see in Jeju. An amazing experience. If you have even the slightest interest in geology, this place is a wonder. If you don’t, it may instill an interest.
Cool cave
It’s the longest cave I have ever visited . Very cool inside and you will need a jacket. Round trip is about 2km. It’s really long but one can only visit a small part of it.
Good experience
A little scary and very dark inside the cave and the ground is uneven making walking rather tiring and it was a long walk but overall a good experience for me.
Amazing Geological Formation
Actually it is pretty cool to walk through a lave tube. It will take you back through history. The texture of the stone walls and the actual size of the cave is mind-boggling. If you come from an area that doesn't have volcanos it is a real educational experience.
Interesting and unique
Read the introductions and you will find the visit to this cave that much more interesting. It is not that dark so you don’t really need a torchlight. Take bus 201 from Jeju city bus terminal. It is worth making that 1hour trip. If you don’t wish to walk 25min or so from the bus stop, change to another bus that will bring you to the doorstep
Worth experiencing
A  unique cave with 70 cm lava stalagmites and lava tube tunnel . Lighted with dim lights. Floor rocky and slippery but manageable  with comfortable shoes . A kilometer long but takes about 20-25 minutes one way . The Lava  formed at the end is a beautiful one worth seeing.
If only batman would of been inside.
It was not the best weather day on Jeju Island, so opted to go to the cave. I was looking forward to it based on other cave visits in different countries but it did not turn out that way. The exterior garden was more interesting. It great from a historical UNESCO standpoint but it does not standout as a tourist list must see attraction when there's so many choices. The plus side, you're next to 2 other tourist attraction, forest and maze. But for the cave itself, it's large for multiple people to walk through at a time, mostly straight path and you get to the end of a platform and that it. Not too much variation of rock formations, colors, not a photographic, boring, not worth on a must do list.
Interesting cave
Unique lava tunnel. Dark, wet and slippery but yet beautiful. Wonderful experience. Better wear proper and comfortable shoes.
Rocky 2km trail
To be honest, it’s quite dark and your attention will be used on minding your steps rather than looking up. Rocky slippery trails and it’s 2km in total, in and out the same way. Worth a visit once as its not often you get to trek in a lava cave. Would recommend warmer clothes and proper footwear.
Must visit in Jeju
The cave is very nice, different from all other sights in Jeju. It’s a short walk but the ground is wet inside and can be slippery, also a bit dark in certain places. Wear a hoodie as water drops from the cave roof. Not recommended for people with mobility issues.Once inside, the sight is beautiful, it’s an amazing work of nature.
1km walk underground
It is said to be one of the longest lave tube caves in the world. This one is over 7km and about 1 km is open for public. I saw quite a few natural caves with stalagmites and stalactites, but this one was different. It is made by lava river flowing underground.
Manjanggul cave
A must. Breath taking and unique. Wear the right shoes.  Take bus 201 from bus terminal and alight at the cave bus stop. Walk for 2km and you will reach the cave.  Entrance fee is won2000
The best Lifetime experience
One of the best UNESCO place. Worth it to come here and visit this place. We spent approximately 50minutes here included walking and taking photos. The addmission fees is ₩2,000 per person still affordable for me and the rate still the same as we went here last year. The parking space were spacious with numerous parking units available for visitors. Gentle reminder, please be cautious on your steps as some of the areas are quite dark and jacket is a must to wear to enter this lava tube place.
Adores Nature!
Interesting facts about the formation of the lava tube. Malaysia has no such thing so i was definitely eager to learn more and to experience it. Walking into the lava tube really exciting as i step on to the solid harden lava ...beautiful formation of harden lava, adores the lava pattern ... careful stepping onto the path as it is uneven and can be challenging to some ... just take your time walking in. As i adores nature, i really enjoy exploring the lava tube...as you go deeper into the tube it gets warmer than the windy cool air outside of the tube. Enjoy it, a must.
Lava tube, to visit
I visited in the past many caves but this is the first time for a lava cave. It is not so beautiful and interesting as a natural cave but it is something new for me. Three stars only because it is not the best place I ever visited but it is interesting.The entrance is really cheap and the cave is long 1 Km so the visit is really fast.
Lifetime Experience!
This tunnel cave is amazing! You can just imagine how this lava came to be and now you are standing in the middle of it all! It is quite a long walk, uneven ground, damp, dark and wet. Don't let that discourage you! Wear proper shoes and bring a flashlight, if you like. The cave is dimly lit though.At the end of the cave you will see beautiful, coloured lava. Experience of a lifetime!
Interesting lava tube/cave
This was a part of our Yeha bus tour - East Course - and felt it was worth seeing.  It is a lava tunnel/cave, which makes it kind of unique.  Visitors are limited to how far you can explore, which is fine as you do need to watch carefully where you walk - it is a lava tube and the floor is very uneven.  It is known for "Stone Turtle" because it is shaped like Jeju island.  Be sure to have a light jacket.
Dark
The cave floor is uneven combined with inadequate lighting makes the winter walk very uncomfortable and after some distance, we gave up. Our youngsters were bored as the couldn't see the cave's beautiful features. Rather disappointed.
Amazing larva cave
More amazing when u learn how it existed. A bit dark and be careful with steps. Geologists will love this!
Long cave in the dark
I was expecting to see mysterious look stones but the cave was too dark to see around. It was long enough and had well made steps for safety but not enough lighting is a regret.
Wonders of Nature
Believed to be formed about 2,00,000 – 3,00,000 years ago, this UNESCO protected heritage centre, the Manjjanggul Lava tube tunnels said to be one of the longest ( around 7.5 km) and well maintained Lava tube tunnels in the world. Though there would not be much to see around, the sheer excitement one experiences just walking into the dark ,rocky ,slippery tunnel is worth the money paid for.Important things to remember.-Those who are having difficulty in walking should avoid getting down the tunnel as the floor is rocky,slippery and uneven.-A good pair of shoes is a must. No high heeled footwear please.-Carry or wear warm clothes as the inside temperature would be much lower than outside.-Wearing a cap/hat would be also good as water would be dripping on your head as you walk.-The Tunnel is open for 1 KM for the Public and with minimal lighting. Carrying a low intensity torch would be best.
Decent walk
Good news about this place is that other than the entrance steps which as quit steep, the rest of the 1-2 KM walk is actually not too bad.
Lava tube cave
It is a lava tunnel. It's interesting to see but not a must-see. There were some stairs to descent into the tunnel at the entry and it gets pretty dark inside. Your eyes will need to adjust, and there isn't any place to grip along the wall. Please wear comfortable shoes and some layers since it gets wet and chilly inside. Walking paths are uneven on some areas, and most are not well-lit. The tunnel is purposely not well-lit to preserve the natural habitat of its resident animals. A round trip from the entrance will take about 30-40 mins if you're strolling through the tunnel. We visited this cave as part of Yeha East course tour. If you have interest in geological formation, stalagmite, and nature, you may find it interesting.
Unique lava cave
Manjanggul Cave is unique as it is essentially a lava tunnel instead of the usual stalactites and stalagmites found in typical cave. Only 1km of the tunnel is open to visitors. Lighting is a bit dim. The ground may be wet and slippery, hence wear comfortable shoes.The highlight should be at the end of tunnel with its unique 70cm lava stalagmites . Entrance fee 3,000 won. Toilet facilities available just before the cave ticketing office.
A must see gem!
Only 1km of the 7.5km lava tube is open to the public, but I highly recommend coming! Expect to spend about an hour admiring the beauty of this natural volcanic formation!While we were there, it had rained the night before and was still drizzling slightly, so the ground was damp. Good to wear proper shoes with good grip (we were thankful for our boots) as the ground is a rather uneven terrain and can be slippery when wet. It's also rather dimly lit, with some lighting inside to guide your path and highlight specific features found in the cave.Even though there is only one entry/ exit point, there is much to see (if you're into geology/ geography/ nature lover, otherwise it'll just look like the same dark cavernous backdrop) as you loop back to the exit point.
Dark lava cave
It’s like a Learning journey, pretty cold 8 degree) and dark in the cave.Just need to follow the pavement and keep walking to the end of the cave.
Must visit!!
No trip to jeju should be without a visit to this amazing cave. Comfortable walk inside the cave as long as one has suitable shoes.  Take the time to enjoy this cave. Last entry should be at 5:10 pm.
Entered a lava tube and lived to tell!!!
Certainly my first experience entering a natural geological occurrence like this one. A nice walk on a seasoned path, although some parts were slippery, it was safe for most people. Senior citizens must take extra care as the uneven path were dimly lit. Here were many features to be amazed by and the information centre gave visitors a better understanding of the geological occurrence. Worthy visit.
Stunning Nature Reserve
We visited during Dec'18 winter season and was raining the day before.  Temperature is a few degree lower when inside the cave.  Place was kept in its natural condition without much "enhancement". Highly recommended for new visitors to Jeju....
Good to Visit
Be prepared to climb back up after going down the steps. Will need proper shoes as the floor is uneven, and does have small puddles of water  here and there.It was a nice walk in the cave, and getting a better understanding of nature involving volcanic lava flow.
Not bad
We love exploring caves, and we've been to quite a few worldwide. However, Manjanggul isn't really one of the best. The problem is, there isn't much special,. By the time you walk in half a kilometre, what you see becomes a little unchanging. Not bad for a short visit however. Tips: 1. It is a long walk and can be slippery. Wear comfortable shoes with grippy soles.2. A small torch may be useful
Worth a visit
The cave is worth a visit if in Jeju island. Although cave is 7.4km long only about 1km can be visited. Nice to visit on a cold day to feel that despite almost 100% humidity it's warmer than outside. Good enough explanations about lava formations and cave features. Lighting is sufficient to not require a flashlight.
Interesting cave
It's very cooling in the cave. Recommend to wear good pair of shoes as it can be very slippery inside.
Wonderful , interesting lava tube system
One the biggest natural lava tube system in the world that occurred 3,000 years ago. It is about 3.5 km long which showed many types of lava formation. Worthwhile visit
Cool lava tube in you are on the east side of Jeju
We were able to easily find a cab in the parking lot, to take us back to our hotel. The cave itself was cool, temperature wise, so bring a jacket, even in the summer.  It is amazing to walk through.  Occasionally you get wet, your socks, if you step in an unfortunate wet spot or your hands, if you touch any of the walls.
tunnel made by nature
The Manjanggul Cave does not look like a cave. More like a tunnel. A tunnel or tube formed by hot lava a few thousand years ago. The entrance fee was 3000 KRW. Toilets and drinkable water provided free of charge.I was staying at a hotel in Hamdeok beach and went by taxi to this place. A number of tour buses seem to make a stop there. I did not see any public bus that traveled to this place.In walking distance is a maze. Myself I loved the underground walk. Good walking shoes are an advantage.You can walk for 1 kilometer from one end to the other end and back. If you are looking for Stalagmites - you won't find them there. This is a lava cave. If you are looking for a narrow path - you won't find them there. The cave is big enough to host a philamonic orchestra.
Wow, what a beauty!
This place was breathtakingly beautiful and a light work-out, lol! Never a dull moment and an awesome experience to share with the family! We recommend this location to families and couples as a place experience while in Jeju!
A fascinating volcano tunnel, worth the trip
Went there by bus using the 201 bus line, it will stop you to the 'entrance' (basically the highway) which is a long far walk into the actual entrance. There's a small bus stop where you can take another bus in (slow) but taxis will frequent the highway entrance looking for customers. The cave itself its a magnificent sight to behold..it's huge! Not sure about all the negative reviews about it poorly lit and all, because the place is actually adequately lit (to fit the ambiance of a cave, no artificial colored disco lights) and concrete steps are placed everywhere in the tunnel to prevent accidental missteps. The ground is naturally uneven, you can't expect marbled tiles here. It can get quite cold and wet at 10-13deg, so bring a light jacket and proper walking shoes. Overall it's quite an experience, you can tell your friends that you've been in the underbelly of a volcano!
Difficult to walk.
Good place to visit for experiencing the lava tube. But.... Pease please please prepare a good walking shoes if you were to visit this place. You'll need to walk on rough and uneven surface and the trail is pretty long. Not recommend to bring kids and elderly to visit this attraction.
Lava tubes but nothing very interesting
Well maintained. It is basically a km long walk into a cave (which is created by lava). Some structures inside from the lava. But otherwise nothing interesting. It is cold in there so be prepared.
I enjoyed this place because I love caves
It's honestly just a really cool cave. Not much to see here and I wouldn't highly recommend taking kids here as they *might* not enjoy it that much. It was my 23rd birthday and I had the entire day to myself (my mother had a business meeting) so I thought I'd kill some time getting lost in Jeju and decided to visit this cave instead.The way to the cave was honestly an adventure on its own; it took 2 bus rides from my hotel, the Orange Tree hotel (I would advise downloading a map of Jeju island) to reach the destination and I was the only tourist on the second bus that dropped me off the entrance of the cave. I was using a transportation card (like an oyster card) so I wasn't able to keep track of how much the fares were.Not a lot of people when I came to visit (which is ideal for me) and I only paid 2000 won for the entrance. I stayed for like an hour here just walking about and sitting down staring at the trees and sky. Not everyone's cup of tea but I enjoyed myself immensely and loved the sound of the birds just chirping. Wasn't able to take any pictures of the cave as it isn't well-lit enough for my camera phone.
One of my highlights of the trip!
An amazing cave; one of nature's wonder!  Must wear a good pair of walking shoes, and be prepared to walk some distance. Enjoy the strange and mysterious dark tunnels. Dimly lit, but well kept with small platforms and bridges, this UNESCO heritage site is one selling point selling for Jeju! Worth paying a visit.
Nice if you like land forms. Otherwise, it's just a long cave.
It's supposed to be one of the seven winders of nature but not exactly my kind of travel destination. It's amazing for the sheer length of the cave (7km) although you are only allowed to go to the first km. We only managed to go 300 m since there wss not much to see except for molten rocks along the cave. There was not much to sustain interest in going further inside the cave so we decided to just go back. At least it was cool inside although the path was wet but nit muddy. Wear comfortable and non slippery shoes if you wish to see the cave.
Interesting and educational
A good wet wet weather option. Make sure to wear proper walking shoes as the walk to the inner pillar was 1km through a dimly lit and oft wet underground tunnel. The stairs leading to the tunnel was steep and the temp in the tunnel was lower than outside. Maybe not for those who's afraid of the dark.
Sad trip
Reach there at 1710. Just nice they close the entry at 1710. I'm  disappointed with their generosity, as a tourist, i wish they just let me visit the cave.
A Wonder of Nature
It was around a 20 minute walk into the cave and another 20 minutes going out... Path was dark and wet, so you must be careful walking inside the cave... It was a good experience with a little workout.
Nature at it’s best
Having read positive & not so positive reviews about the caves, this is my 2 cents... firstly I love all things nature. Having been caving in Malaysia - both the tourists & caving adventure cave types - the lava tube here is definitely different and worth a visit. If you are interested to know about how the lava cave was formed, there are good informative write ups at the entrance & along the way providing information about the formations. Whether you are a fit or unfit person - it is still worth the entrance fees (KRW2,000 - approx USD2) to go in & have a look. If you enter & don’t like the environment, you can still climb back up & exit. If you love it, continue on the 1km track in. It is a little rocky in places due to the formation of the tube & slippery due to the high humidity. And also, it is much cooler in the cave - it was 14’C during early Oct. Having aching knees & calf muscles from the climb up My Hallasan 2 days prior to caving, I used a hiking stick to assist with balance, walked slowly & took my time climbing down & up the stairs. The sight inside the caves was worth the aches & pains of climbing the stairs. For me, this is a 5 star location. Well maintained & an experience not to be missed.
Good walk under ground
It’s very cheap to get in- 2000 W per adult.Once going down the steps, it’s cooler and wet. Make sure to wear comfortable shoes. No flip flops or heels. Ideal for rain boots as lots of water patches along the way.Relatively dark inside. Some random lights but not perfect. Before looking around lava floating lines or some interesting shape of rocks foamed by lava, you really should pay attention to your feet - so many paddles and slippery, muddy areas.The walk was quite long. Once you hit the dead end, you could take a picture of statue like rock then return to the same entrance that would be over a kilo one way.Kids around elementary schooler and up could handle but definitely toddlers and younger were not suggested.
Great place to cool down during hot Jeju Summer
When the temperature reaches 40 degrees Celsius outside you must visit this cave for a good cool down. The cave formation and geo qualities are one of the finest to find. If you are into nature and its spectacular formations definitely go.
Educational: Not the same as other caves
At first we didn't plan to visit the Cave as we had a tight schedule with so many other outdoor choices. Then I read something about the tube formed from volcanic lava activities so it is very unique compared to other limestone caves formed from soluble rocks.Overal the tube looked very smooth as you can imagine the hot lava flowing to make the tube. There are educational signs here and there to suggest you to look at the lava flow marks, the lava shelf marks and many others.I must say it was an eye opening hour and we learnt something new and be opened minded that it was not just another cave with so many stalagmites and stalactites that looked like different shapes in those unnatural colorful spotlights in some other countries.
Great experience
Our first lava tube cave experience ; feel like we are in a Indiana Jones movie exploring the dark and wet cave don’t know what’s ahead of you. Abit slippery and rocky , would recommend a pair of non slip shoes as I saw a few people fell .
Good wet weather option
Took a taxi to the cave from Jungmun. It took 1hr 20 minutes going inland. It was a rainy day and we were looking for undercover activities. The Lava tunnel is 9km long, but the area you can walk in is a 1 km stretch. It is a 2 km return if you walk all the way to the end and then back. The cave is dimly lit, with a few areas better lit to highlight different features. As you would expect, it is cool inside the cave. It is an uneven and rocky surface for most of the walk, although there are a few areas of boardwalk in the more slippery, or rocky places.  The wet surfaces can also make it a little slippery, so care is needed and it is not recommended for the very elderly or for people who would find it hard to walk 1km on rocky surfaces. It is not accessible for people in a wheelchair.Our 4 yr old and 7 yr old loved exploring the tunnel and the walk was no problem for them as they were busy looking for the Lava Monster from the Moana Movie.Signs are posted in Korean, English, and I think Japanese. there is a convenience store and a Korean restaurant located near the cave entrance.Entry fee was 5000 won for our family (The 4yr old was free).If you are looking for a place to stop on the drive, we visited a chocolate factory where we were given a tour and samples. They have a chocolate store on sight. not worth a trip on its own, but a good place to stop when headed elsewhere on the inland route.
A long dim light tunnel
This is the longest tunnel with very dim light and the temperature is 13 deg C.You will need a proper shoe/sneaker not slippers to walk safely on the uneven ground
Worth the visit
Entrance ticket is 2000 won per person. The temperature inside the cave is freezing cold. Pls bring along a jacket no matter what season you are visiting. Total length of the cave is about 7.14km. They only open 1 km for public to visit. It took us about 1:20 hour thru and flow. Please visit the information office first before u going into the cave, so that u will know some information of the cave formation before u going in. Pls wear a proper shoes during your visit cos it is a lava tube with rocky road. I saw some ladies went in with their not so high, high heel. I can feel their pain. This place is about 30-45mins from Jeju City. We took a quick lunch at a restaurant at the park of manjanggul cave. Not so nice but still can eat...u can travel to seongsan ilchubong after u done with the cave. Is about 5mins drive.
2km walk in lava cave
The temperature in the cave is at least 5 to 10C lower so please bring a jacket and wear proper shoes when going in. The entrance fee is cheap at 2K each for an adult.There are many locals visiting during the weekends so it's recommended you visit during weekdays if possible.The cave is dark and wet so we spent more time watching the floor as opposed to the cave.
Amazing experience
Must visit a place. The experience of walking inside the cave where once the lava used to flow was chilling and amazing. The cave temperature was around 13 degree Celsius. The water drops were dripping from the cave top surface. There were information boards about the cave surfaces and other features as you walk inside the cave.
Bring torchlight , hat and proper footwear
The entrance fee was 2000W . You descend down about three to four flights of stairs to this Long tunnel cave. Temperature drops to about 15 degrees . No toilets in the cave so go to the bathroom before you descend . The floor of the cave was wet , slippery and uneven not suitable for young children and elderly. Most of the time you are looking down to avoid stepping into puddles and holes. A torchlight or handphone light is a must unless you have amazing night vision . Also the ceiling drips water constantly so can get quite wet so bring a hat. The walk to the end takes about 45 min to an hour . We gave up after about 35 minutes though some of our friends made it to the end to see the giant structure . If you do not want to do such a Long walk , do 10 minutes . The cave looked the same all the way through.
Wear proper shoes
Went in August, so it was really hot outside. Was so pleased to be welcomed by the cool temperature of the cave. It will take you about 2 hours to go in and back out with some stops to take pictures. Recommend everyone to wear proper shoes as the cave surface is really uneven since it used to be flowing lava coupled with low visibility of the cave. The floor is also wet, so advice to wear something non slippery. I wore normal slippers and i got my feet wet and dirty, no worries though, there's a place near the toilet specifically to clean you feet outside the cave.I saw some locals even wearing heels inside, not recommended, but i guess it's possible to come out unharmed.
Good for natural lovers
The cave is nice if you are natural lovers, weather becomes cold inside the cave around 13 degree celcius. It should takes around 1 or 2 hours to explore the cave. For people travelling by bus, i recommends to use kaokao map and naver at the same time to find bus route and english name of bus station to get off
Used to be real lava
The place is very unique as it used to be a lava tube. Very cooling in the cave, only 13oC. Would suggest to bring gloves if you are afraid of the cold. Unique and must visit.
Incredible nature
Definitely worth a visit to see nature's glory ! Incredible journey of ever changing nature with the passage of time.
Spacious and cool
Only 2,000won per adult for entry and no fee for parking. It was a rainy weekend in early Sep. when we visited and wasn’t too busy for a Sunday.Amenities: There is a little restaurant, Lava Tube mini-museum/info-walkthrough and convenience store by the parking lot. There are also bathrooms by the parking lot, by the convenience store and before you enter the tubes.There are fairly steep steps entering the lava tubes but a near flat, albeit uneven walking surface through the tube. Watch your step and beware of puddle during rainy season.Dim pathway lights are set up throughout the tube and unless you have a really hard time with adjusting to the dark you should be fine.It was nice and cool inside with placards in Korean and English highlighting the features of the lava tube. We held off on pictures until the end where there is a well-lit lava flow that came from the ceiling.
Must go!!
It's an incredible lava cave! We spent half day in this sight seeing and my daughters loved! (2 teenagers) It's very difficult to do sight seeing in Jeju without a rental car! We took almost an hour to arrive there, and the same to come back!!
Very relaxing
The caves are a nice break from the blistering heat. Smart to bring a jacket if you get cold easily. Difficult to take pictures cause of dim lighting.
if u keen on lava lanes
if u r keen on lava caves otherwise its just a boring walk. the place is pretty chilly abt 13 deg in summer and mostly darkly lighted.
Visit a lava tube once in your life!
First visit to a lava tube. Good experience. They've made it very educational - signs mark and explain geological features at appropriate points. Great for visitors unfamiliar with geology to understand!
Unique lava cave
Truly a unique lava cave that is open to public. Should not miss the opportunity. Very well managed with descriptive dual language (English and Korean) on all the unique naturally formed features along the long and winding 1.2 km long tube/cave. The 13 deg C temperature inside was a pleasant reprieve from the outside summer temp of 38 deg. Can be a little wet and the floor is not so flat and as such reasonably appropriate footwear is recommended.
Lava Cave that you won't regret going
It is the first lava cave I visit, easy to walk in and the temperature is not too cold or too humid.
1km long lave tube
The cave has a number of formations throughout and there are information boards explaining what they re, and the English is good. The cave was a cool 13 degrees when I went down but outside was 34 so it was a welcome temperature.The steps down are a little deep so if you have vertigo or need help walking, it could be a little tough. It is wet under foot, I walked in flipflops and it was ok, but if you are a bit unsure of your footing, wear trainers. The cave is lit well  but some lights shine up into your eyes, which I found incredibly annoying, as it ruined my night vision. There are some areas with wooden bridges over the areas very difficult to walk on, so you aren't constantly in need of watching your footing.Worth a visit, as it it is not something you will see in many other places. I have been twice now, and it seems much more tourist friendly now.
Big, impressive, very cold
Wet and cold and darkso beautifulI wear a coat and light of my phone1km! Turtle rock etc,, lava tunnel with stalactites
A pleasant walk in a great lava cave
In this cave, you're allowed to walk about one kilometer in the lava tube where you'll find a lot of variation in the formation and environment. It's a lot of space in one of the tubes (the other one was closed off during our visit). In the tube, there has been several different lava levels and different factors, creating unique patterns on the walls, floor and ceiling. It's recommended to bring something warm down the cave, since it's a bit chilly.Along the way, there is several signs about detail information (both in Korean and English) about the different shapes and things in the cave.
Interesting but not adequately developed
The visit to the lava tube is interesting, but the way leading there is not good, and might definitely be dangerous under certain weather circunstances. Lightning is precarious and there are only few explanatory boards. definitely not adequate for people with walking restrictions of any kind
So cool - it really is!
It's a great and interesting place! When else can you just go through a "natural tunnel" made by lava? The whole place is very well maintained and clean. Price is inexpensive and there is also a small restaurant and shop. You may think of bringing a second shirt because inside the lava tube is it cold (12°C/54°F). Fun fact, there is no exit at the end of the tube, you have to go all the 1 km back again ;)
So cool!
Very interesting! I learned a lot. The experience made for some great photos. It was also very cool inside the cave which was a pleasant break from the heat.
Amazing and refreshing on a hot day
Arrived around 4pm and bought 4 tickets...2,000₩ for adults and 1,000₩ for children. That's about $5-6 USD. It was 90 degrees outside but cool and refreshing inside. At the start it was 50F and got colder as we got deeper. If you get cold easily, you should bring a light jacket. I would wear shoes because it's a bit wet and rocky but I saw many people walk through with sandals and slippers. It's about a 25 minutes one way. It is pretty well lit for a  tunnel/cave. There's no climbing or steep terrain except for the way down but there are handrails. You will enjoy the experience. It's informative as well.
Nice and COLD
Summer is very hot and visiting the cave is a relief from the hot weather .Very nice place and well maintained , slippery floor .English translation of the plates were very helpful .
Cool break from the outside
We visited the cave on the way back to Udo (very easy to do both of these in one day. Very interesting and well explained. It would probably be a good idea to bring a jacket because the temperature in the cave is significantly lower than on the outside. However, it's still really cool to see and think about the implications of the event that made the cave in the overall of Jeju. Very good for kids although it can be a bit slippery inside too.
Interesting
Enjoyed the walk in this cave. Quite cold inside and wet. Got to be probably dressed and have good walking shoes.
Great place to visit!
Inexpensive to get in. Very interesting and had a great experience. It’s fascinating to see what volcanic activity did to form the lava tubes. Uneven ground due to it being naturally created but I’d still recommend it for all ages. Make sure you wear closed toed shoes and not flip flops.
Not interesting
كهف بارد جداً اذا كنت مهتم بالجغرافيا يمكنك زيارتهلا يوجد الكثير لرؤيته One of the largest cave in the world and one of Unisco hertiage It is around 12 degree inside and it is dark there Nothing much to see
Great place to visit and  interesting too
Went here with our two sons (8M and 4Y) and it was very interesting and a bit cold.Cheap entrance fee being in Jeju.Easy to park and restaurant in front was OK.
Cool place, in all ways
Very nice and spectacular place to visit, and not expensive at all. Recommended to bring proper shoes, a jacket and cap or umbrella.
Respite from the weather
The 1k walk is really interesting and had good info in english. It's much cooler as soon as you walk down the steps and raincoats are useful as there are water drops and wear comfortable shoes for the rocky and wet floor. Most of it is quite dark but you can still get good photos. Definitely worth the visit
Interesting Experience
Went here with a tour package bought from Klook. Entering caves experience feels great however, for it requires like 30 minutes walk to the Lava Coloum and you have to walk back (there is no other way out) so you need to make sure to wear comfortable shoes because the floor is uneven.
Jeju must visit
Interesting place, walk in a lave tube & learn about formation along the way. it was very interesting experience. P/S Please wear shoe.
Interesting but...
It was awesome to see, nevertheless you walk for 700m, turn around and walk back again. That makes a bit dull, especially when there is many tourists and you focus more on not bumping into someone
I Love Caves
My rating is based on my love of caves.  This one is quite long. Part of the cave you walk right on the cave ground itself/ there are also some walkways.  Explanations are also in English. It is cold inside so bring a sweater. Down the street is a Maze ( which I didn’t see)
Biggest cave and convenient
Since the cave is managed by government, the ricket price is cheap. Just 2.000 won.It takes around 30 minutes in and 30 minutes out  of the cave. There we enough man-made lighting inside, and man-made path, so its easy to walk inside. Beautiful. Rare tourist attraction that might not exist in other places.
A good hideout during a hot sunny day
Going into the cave when it’s blazing hot outside is actually not a bad idea. It was 11degree inside the cave as you walked 1km to see the famous lava columns. Just need to be careful walking as the grounds are mostly uneven and sometimes can be slippery.
A must-see destination in Jeju
Longest lava cave over the world. It's quite dark and rocky so remember to wear comfortable shoes. It's also quite cold down there so my suggestion is to bring your coat.
Natural air-con at its finest
Visited Manjang Cave in the month of June, which is Summer in South Korea. Entrance fee is nominal - 2,000 won per adult and it should be half price for kids.Temperature within the cave was 21 Degrees Celsius to around 11 Degrees Celsius, a good respite from the summer heat. Humidity is high within the cave, with dripping waters (natural) and wet grounds. Be prepared and carry with you a windbreaker, cap and good covered walking shoes. The entire walk is around 2km. Not entirely suitable for young toddlers, but kids above the age of 7 should do fine. Interesting rock formations within the cave, and a giant lava column at the end the walk. If you have not visited any lava caves before, this UNESCO site is a must-go when in Jeju!
Got to visit this Unesco site
Visited this amazing cave recently with the kids. Aged between 7-13 years old. We all enjoyed it. Remember to bring along a jacket as the cave can be quite cold. It’s about 11 degree Celsius. Wear a pair of good shoes too as the walking surface is uneven and wet.
Lava tube
Basically this place is formed when lava flows through the land on its way to the ocean. Understand that this cave (or tube)!is 6.4m long but only 1m is accessible as the rest are closed for various reasons. It’s about 11degrees at the deepest end so for those who are not used to this, please bring along your sweaters. Also the path is uneven and wet so don’t come in your shopping shoes. Otherwise it’s a very educational tour. Signages are posted at strategic points to explain the event. Oh yes. The steps down to the cave is very high so hold on to the railing tight or be very careful where you plant your feet.
It’s amazing.
I recommend you this place if you have a rent-a-car. It’sa very long cave, and registered as a UNESCO heritage.
Cave Exploration
Cave is really cold and wet. It has pretty steep steps and the ground is uneven. It’s not really suitable for old and young ppl because they can easy trip and fall.
Nice
The Manjanggul Cave was a nice outing for my family and I. Very dark and wet and long but was interesting to read the facts along the way. Would definitely visit again.
Quite a walk
It was a 1km walk in and 1km out again. The lights were pretty dim unless there are signboards. The path inside is quite rocky with puddles of water here and there. Spent most of time watching out for puddles of water and where to walk instead of enjoying the lava cave. The cave was colder than outside, so might have to prepare a thin jacket.
Interesting lava tube
An interesting outing to learn about volcanic activity and how the lava tube was formed. Not suitable for elderly visitors with the dim and uneven terrain. Many information board to explain unusual structures. Educational. Some wooden boardwalk in certain areas. The stairs at the entrance leading into the tube can be steep and slippery.
Magnificent cave
It was a rainy morning that my friend and I visited this cave. We were greeted with a flight of stairs entering the cave. The temperature in the cave was so much lower, approximately 10 degrees celsius. It was dark and slippery too. The further we walked in, the colder it gets. The pathways are actual lava that hardened over the years therefore, it was not a smooth walk. A lot of locals enjoyed their walk, some strolling while youngsters brisk walk, talking and laughing along the way, making the whole cave not too scary. It was a nice morning walk looking through the structure left behind by the once active volcano forming rocks, mini wells naturally. The work of nature. Beautiful!
WONDERFUL CAVE
This is one of the UNESCO Heritage site.The entire cave is around 1km and the temperature of the cave is around 10-15°©
Impressive
Lava tubes are different all over - so these have their own special yet similar features. The overall experience was well worth it and I certainly recommend the visit. The trail is reasonable well developed with stairs down into the tubes. Though basically light, I thought the selected illuminations added to the features and overall feel of the caves. It is not overly spectacular in showing off the various formations and features, but it still gives a good view of the tube walls. Be careful of the path as it does have rough spots and puddles. Moist, cool and over 2 kms of walking, I enjoyed the visit, although not the most impressive caves I have visited.
Worth the 2km walk!!!
Arrived an hour and a half before closing. The trails starts with a relatively step decent and the walk thru the lava tube is a 1km walk in and 1 km walk back. The lava tube cave is spectacular. Signs were available to help us learn about the the lava tube. An easy walk but need to be careful on certain section of the party as we were walking on wet lava rock. Well worth the drive there!!!
Not impressed
It is soooo dark in the cave. You couldn’t see the formations or well anything except the puddles of water. I have been to other caves before and they had dramatic lighting that shows off the details. We walked about half way and turned back as it was the same thing the whole way through. It does get a little chilly down there. It was our least favorite thing we did on Jeju.
Great experience for geography enthusiasts!
For visitors arriving by bus: Take Bus 201 from Jeju Intercity Bus terminal and get off at the Manjanggul Cave Entrance Stop. At the same stop, wait for Bus 711-2 to reach the actual Manjanggul Cave site entrance (transfer at KWR 0 cost if using T-money or CashBee card).Note: It's a 2.5km distance from the Manjanggul Cave Entrance Stop. Being a UNESCO Heritage site, we had expected a much better set up for the cave site. Overall lighting could be improved; brighter lighting for better visibility of the rugged paths and water puddles along the 1km lava tube (reduce risks of slipping or tripping as a fall could be quite fatal).The temperature underground can get chilly so be sure to wear warm jackets/coate and proper shoes with good traction (saw some visitors in flip-flops and sneakers, and they ended up almost slipping).
Unique place
Be sure to wear good shoes for the somewhat uneven - but not particularly slippery - walk and a raincoat for the dripping water.    There is only 1km of the lava tube which is open to tourists, so the entire walk is 2km roundtrip.   There are a number of informational plaques along the way as well as before you even enter.    There are restrooms and a restaurant by the parking lot.
Fascinating
Take your time to read the information plaques along the way to fully appreciate the geological aspects of this unique place.
UNESCO heritage
Amazed by the view inside the cave. Overall distance travel back and forth takes 1 hour to complete, approximately 2km. Advised to wear comfortable shoes (rocky slippery floor) and jacket as it can be very cold inside the cave. Bring an umbrella if you need it as there’s water droplets from the top of cave.
Unesco Heritage site if you like geology and caverns
We love caverns and Manjanggul did not dissapoint. It is a good length and the world's tallest lava column at the end. They send students from Korea on field trips to learn about it so it is important to local history.There is a store and restaurant onsite  as well as a visitor center.  You can get coffee and snacks at the shop too. Well worth the buck to visit. It was 1000won or 2000won which is $1 or $2.
Awesome lava cave--but know what to expect before you go
The Manjanggul Lava Cave was a very large lava tube cave.  A 1km section in the middle of the 7.5km lava cave was open for groups to tour.  We found it an amazing place to visit, and an outstanding example of a lava cave, but since it is a lava tube cave, visitors should expect the following when visiting this attraction:1) unlike limestone caves, generally created by water over long periods of time, lava caves do not usually have the stunning formations (ie – stalactites, stalagmites, etc).  They have their own unique, highlights, but are not as colorful.  Such is the case with this lava cave.2) the cave is very softly lit (not brightly lit) and has a very uneven floor, so walking takes attention and concentration.  Anyone with mobility problems should be very sure they can handle all the steps, uneven ground, and low lighting.3) the cave is cold and damp and the ceiling drips constantly.  The amount of dripping is directly related to the recent rain amounts received.  Since lava rock is very porous, the rain drips through the rock into the cave.4) the cave lists that it is “restricted” access.  I don’t know what that means but I recommend finding out if you are trying to visit it on your own.  We were the first group to arrive that day and we had the cave to ourselves for about 30 min before other groups started showing up.  It made our experience even better, but it is possible that only groups with pre-purchased tickets have access?5) aside from the sheer size of the cave (again, huge for a lava tube cave), the coolest feature for us was the large lava column at the far end of the cave.  The dark hole in the ceiling, where the lava flowed into the cave and made the large column was quite impressive.We visited this cave as part of a cruise ship tour.  For those looking at things to do from a ship, there are 2 cruise ports on the island, one in the south port and one in the north port.  Where you port could determine your itinerary since various and impressive sights are available close to either town/port.  This lava tube cave is in the north-east part of the island, and is listed as "restricted" so, again, before you try to visit on your own, you might want to make sure you will be able to get into it.Jeju Island has so much to offer – large lava tunnel caves, waterfalls, craters, mountains, cliffs, black sand beaches, incredible fresh seafood, and more but they are spread throughout the island, so it is impossible to see all of them in one area or in a short amount of time.  Also, some of the attractions are restricted, so they might require group access to enter.  We concentrated on the east end of the island during our visit and found it to be similar to Hawaii in many ways other than the temperature, which was quite a bit cooler than Hawaii during our visit at the end of March (55 deg F was our high temp).
Just cave
It's a Lava cave about 1 km. The walkway was very hard to walk because it's a lava rock. And it's wet because of the rain. It's OK. I didn't feel woww. If you have a free time you can go there.
Very cool cave
The cave is very chilling and quite dark. The path inside the cave is quite well lit up but it is still not very easy to walk as the path is uneven and at time quite slippery due to the water being collected. But it is still a good experience to walk inside volcano carved cave to understand how nature is formed. And the power of the nature. So best to wear some comfortable and non slip type of walking shoes.
The cave is an awesome site to walk inside but it's not for everyone.
We did not rent a car and took the metro bus and got dropped off at the entrance.  We saw a sign for a bus pickup and waited thinking a shuttle would come.  No shuttle so we walked approx 1.5 miles to get to the lava tube.  We were told there is no shuttle.  The lava tube is an awesome site to see and think about but it's surely not for everyone especially those who can not walk on uneven surfaces.  There are puddles everywhere and some places dripped more than others.  There are adequate signs with information about the area.  The end of the tube is interesting but if you've been in caves, there is not much variety and it is mostly dark colored lava to look at.  I've been in caves where the rock turns a different color and shape.  There were no taxis to take us back to the bus stop so we kindly asked a Korean couple who understood our English for a ride.  What we can say are the Korean people are so kind!
Cave
It’s very cold in the cave. So dress warm for this location. Try wearing waterproof shoes, lots of puddles.
Excellent, if you like caves
We drove there and parking is free. The whole experience will take about less than 2hours? About 45mins to walk all the way inside to the end of the cave and another 45mins out. So remember to empty your bladder before entering. There is no loo inside the cave.The cave is cold. About 15 degree celcius? Luckily there is no wind. The ground is made up of rocky bits, and the place is constantly damped and slippery. So wear a light jacket and confortable shoes.Although there are lights in the cave, they are pretty dimmed. Not brightly lit. We used the torchlight function in our phones to further assist us to see the rocky ground. It is not unusual to carry a small portable torchlight if you want. Im not a person who likes cave, but well.. it is an experience i guess.
not too much to see
the cave is 1 km long you walk mostly in dark.not too.kuch to seeat the end there is a pillar but if you have been to.caves in the world before, it's not as fascinating as you see on the pictures not a real must
An average park visit.
It’s a small park with an uninteresting lava cave trip unless you are interested in geology.Went in with free entry on their 70th anniversary.
A different experience but maybe not for elderly
This lava cave is interesting if you are into nature and ok to walk in the dark on uneven rocks for 2km. I like the experience but my elderly parents didn't really appreciate the dark long walk, especially with the steep stairs. So unless your elderly members are physically fit, it will be much better if they skipped this.
Amazing lava cave
Long, impressive and well maintained. It has good English explanations. Surly worth  the visit. About 1.5 hours all in all
A date with Unesco World Heritage
A long walk although only 1km. Inside cave at low temperature and water keep dripping. Experience the nature of the lava cave formed since 20000-30000 years ago would be something not to miss.
A cave that is part of a lava tube
I have visited a number of limestone caves before and this is the first lava tube cave I ever visited. I found it fascinating. Be warned that the floor is undulating and wet and one needs a pair of hiking shoes and a rain jacket to really enjoy this place.
Enjoy our visit
There are spacious parking area provided for a visitor which is very convenient to whom that driving a car here. You need to buy a ticket for entrance bit it is not that pricey. The cave requires you to have a long walk with a majestic view inside the cave. Highly recommended and a must visit place when you are at Jeju Island.
Cave for You
This is our last stop of our 2nd day in Jeju Island and was worthy for the line Save the Best for last. If you are into caves and lavas then this is the right place for you. Since this is our last stop, we went there around 5PM, we were in a hurry to reach the entrance of the site. Get ready to walk on dark and cold pavements. Although it was cold we manage to take photos inside the cave (which needed editing) and was mesmerized with the unique beauty the cave has to offer. It entails walking so get ready to walk and prepare the right shoes. Plus, inside the cave is really cold, colder than the other sites so be ready with your jackets. You may also explore the park and the cafe located outside the cave. The entire place is relaxing and worth the visit. This must be part of your itinerary once you happen to visit Jeju Island.
Manjanggul Cave
It is majestic by its dimension, inside temperature around 7 degree Celsius, easy to walk path, not slippery, must go destination
Worth Visiting!
Do you like cold, dark, dripping lava caves? Then this is for you! Just be warned - WEAR PROPER WATERPROOF SHOES! Or at least, bring an extra pair of shoes and socks cause your feet are going to get soaked in the many puddles. Better still, bring an umbrella or wear a poncho. The roof constantly drips, and there’s no way to avoid getting soaked. It would have been better if:- More lights could be installed. Some places were way too dim, and we had to use our handphone lights. - There was the option of tour guides. We wished someone could have walked us through and explained things a bit more!- Sone portions of the cave needed levelling. We were very worried about twisting our ankles at some points because the floor was VERY uneven! On the bright side:- Entrance fee is very cheap.- It’s a rare experience to walk around a lava tube. So just do it! :D (But be careful and walk slowly!)
Astonishing natural feature
Walking through a lava tube is an incredible experience. You can see the flow of lava on the ground, the different historical depths of lava flow is visible on the wall due to the layers of layers, and other features such as the world’s largest lava column and lava rafts. Truly remarkable and easy to see why UNESCO regards this sight so highly.
Amazing experience
Lava tube cave, UNESCO heritage place, is the highlight of jeju tours. Amazing georock transformation and preservation . Worth the visit.
Not that impressive
Had a high expectation about this place since it always comes up on your google search when it comes to Jeju Island. It's just like a big cave and that's it. It's beautiful? Yes. Is it amazing? Not really. You can walk inside the cave and not seeing that much (just a stone of course)
Awesome
Huge caves. Very interesting. Went with a friend and found the caves themselves cool. Great for families.
Interesting and worth a visit
This was worth seeing and an unusual geological feature. Not the best caves in Korea (for me this is Gosu cave in Danyang) but pretty impressive all the same.
Very big cave
It is not the most beautiful cave. The size was impressive. There is also a lava column which is the largest known in the world, but when I saw it, I did not have the feeling that it was so large that this would be the largest of the world, but the lava column itself was wonderful.
Not for the faint hearted.
As lava caves go, this one is pretty good. It is approximately 2 kms long, wet, cold and dark although well lite for the tourists. Car parking is available and you can also take a local bus close to the area - you ned to walk the final distance. Payment is made at the booth prior to the entry stairs and from there the path is pretty well developed. Having visited many lava tunnels/caves in other countries, this one was basically what I expected but had its own unique sights. The path is rough and rocky in places and you need to wear sensible walking shoes and have a coat - visit in winter and you need o really rug up. Signage is both Korean and English and prior to the cave entry there is a selection of Korean restaurants and food shops. Some pretty park areas are also worth a look.
Nice
It is a well preserved lava cave. Very interesting to see. It is very dark inside. Not stroller friendly. Has no baby changing station.
Educational
We learned a lots about how lava tube was formed and get to experience these natural phenomenon hands on. The kids thoroughly enjoyed the walk as well. Walking inside can be a bit tricky as it’s not flat and some part can be a wet and slippery. Overall a very educational trip for us.
Quite interesting to learn about the lava tube
I have been to many caves but this is the first volcanic cave. There are explanations in both korean and English with pictures and the light shine on the park of the rocks to show you which part is mentioned. It is a 1km walk which is quite relaxing. I took bus 201 from the old bus terminal in Seogwipo City and it took about 2 hours to get to the Manjaggul cave entrance station. From the station, you’ll need to walk for 2 km to the park. During your walk to the cave, you will see a Maze Park. I didn’t visit this park but from what I observed from other people, they seem to have a lot of fun. The cave is quite straight forward. You pay the entrance ticket and get in and just walk and learn all the information along the way. When I left the park, I noticed there is a bus station so I checked it out and realized that I can take bus 711-1 to go back to the Main Street where the Manjaggul cave entrance bus stop is. From there, I can take 201 back to Seogwipo.
Nice but not for all
It's well preserved but not good for people with disability. Inside is quite dark and has uneven flooring. Nothing to complain as it is made by nature and they also provided some trail/even flooring to follow.
Average
Not a must see if you are press for time. It was dark most of the way and you don’t get to see much. The star attraction is towards end of the 1km walk.
One of great place to visit
My kid love everything about volcano and nature. He love science so we bring him here for him to see how the cave look like and he enjoy it.
Intersting lava tunnel
Lava tunnels stem from liquid hot Lava that makes its way under the ground and leaves empty tunnels when the Lava stream comes to an end. This tunnel is very long but is lacking something of a mysterious atmosphere which we had seen before at other Lava tunnels.
Beautiful
This is a must in jeju! This is by far the largest lava tube i've ever seen! We went there just before closing, the lighting made it more majestic!
Nice experience to see lava cave
This is the first UNESCO world heritage that we visited in Korea. Walking distance about 1km, so be prepared to wear the comfort shoe. Some area a bit dark so be careful. Overall nice experience to visit this nature cave.
awesome!
awesome! a very good experience! we hired driver from hi jeju tour and the driver helps a lot! look forward to visit it again
Great experience to see a lava cave
It's a great experience and see the way. It's not really that difficult to walk inside and it's spacious.
Interesting experience for young and old
We brought our 3 young kids and two elderly mothers to the Manjanggul Cave in late Nov, and it was quite an experience descending into the dark and cold cavern.  It was lit sufficiently to walk, though some areas could be a little dark and wet.  The kids sure had fun, until it got a little boring for them after 500 metres. The entrance fee was reasonable, not expensive.
Amazing lave formation
It is amazing to see nature’s wonder , a must go in Jeju. Will not take much of your time as just 1km of the cave is open to public. Must go till the end of the tunnel to see nature’s wonder. Be careful while walking as the rocks formed after lava formation is uneven.
Unusual natural attraction created by lava
The route of the tunnel is 1km one way, and then the same way back.  Its an interesting environment - dark and very cool.  Its quite interesting to see how the lava flow carved this tunnel and the size of it.  Its definitely something that is memorable and unusual.
A must visit for cave lovers!
The Manjanggul Cave is splendid and provides an excellent Geology lessons on how the caves are formed over thousands of years. A must for cave lovers and nature lovers. The walk is relatively easy for elderly and young kids as well.
Manjanggul Cave - Unique lava turnel
We went to explore this lava cave made by erupted volcano and it was spectacular. It has the consistent temperature throughout the whole year with 11-21 degree celsius with awesome looking columns. Never forget this cave.!
