Nice garden area
Jeju Museum of Contemporary Art is the main attraction in the few square kilometers of creative space in Hangyeong-eup area.  Without even entering the building, there are a dozen or so cool sculptures in the garden area.  The exhibit consisted of works by local Jeju artists including a photography exhibit of the family members of the Jeju 4-3 Incident victims.  A satellite building had a nice exhibition of paintings of the mountains of Korea.
Great collection
Loved the collection at Jeju Museum of Contemporary Art. Highly recommended as a rainy day activitiy.
A hidden germ...
This museum is in a remote location but it's quite easy to find. We totally enjoyed visit.  The exhibitions are very impressive.  Its a relatively small museum but it's the highlight of my day.
The excellent gallery and delightful location.
This is a lovely spot to visit. You can wander around the artists village, enjoy the outdoor sculptures (kids will like the brightly coloured animals near the art shop/cafe) and then have a good look at the exhibitions inside.  There is a permanent one and a temporary one. The temporary one at present is about marine plastics and pollution. The work was really good especially the video work and created "man" by a young female Korean artist. Most impressive.The last Wednesday of the month entry is free but it's only 2,000 won anyway I think. They have an English brochure and the lady at reception was very pleasant.
Excellent art, lovely building; time well spent.
Having arrived in Jeju eager to see as much as possible in a short time frame - the art work was top on my hit list. I stumbled across the website for the Museum of Contemporary Art and was very excited to go (as there are so many museums to choose from!)I would recommend a whole morning to visit Jeoji as there is more than just this Museum there. The first Gallery I went to showed a lovely exhibiton on the Sound of Nature, this gallery was on the left hand side of the road and was a free two floor exhibition. I then walked along the road to the Museum of Contemporary Art on the right. The Museum had 4 big rooms of Art - all of which had a meaningful message behind the artist's work in both Korean and English! The receptionists were very helpful when directing me as to where to go and I finished my self-guided tour with a visit to the Art shop which was outside in the sculpture garden. A lovely morning well spent taking in the delights of Korean art.
Very nice!
Went there in May 2015 by jeju golden city bus tour (which sucked!) and totally enjoyed our 1 hour visit! The exhibitions were amazing and the atmosphere itself is beautiful there! Adm fee is good: just 1000 won as much as I remember. Though the prices at a coffee shop were pretty expensive.
