Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Jeju version of Jurassic Park
It was so close to being excellent, reason I did not rate it as excellent is because the 3D movie was closed due to covid, so obviously could not comment on that. Only other thing to add was the animal enclosure at the top of the park was rather smelly and did need a good clean out, however the parrot/parakeet aviary section was amazing and very clean. The park is excellent value and you could spend the whole day here with the kids, providing that you bring a packed lunch.
Good enough
Our 4yo liked it well enough. We spent about 2hrs and spent more money at the gift shop than on admission (24,000 won) and if it were nicer out we probably would have spent longer. Botanical garden, a small garden maze, Fossil museum, animal feeding station, bird attraction, and the really TALL dinosaurs scattered throughout made for an enjoyable afternoon outing before nap time.
BIG DINOSAUR
Great experience especially for the family traveling with kids. There is a stall selling Jeju ice cream.
Good for kids
The place is a bit in middle of nowhere, but was still good for our 3 year old, who enjoyed herself watching the fake dinosaurs and the 3D show, along with feeding the live animals.
Great for kids
Jeju Dinosaur Land is a great fun place to take out the kids and have a day long of activities here.
Dinosaurland, jeju
My 5yr old loved it very much. Lots of dinosaurs on display outdoor. Several exhibitions on site such as fossils and seashells. Areas where you can interact with animals (feeding ponies and gerbils.) You also get to see parrots next to the gift shop. It's not a very big place. we spent about 2 hours there. We got a taxi there and the man at the ticket hut(speaks good English) was very kind to help us get a taxi back to hotel. A very enjoyable and pleasant place to visit if you like dinosaurs and animals.
Fun Land
The place is good for children. Can occupy them almost half a day! There are plenty of Dino for photo moment. There is also a place to feed little cute animals and appreciate the flora in a green house. Can also drop by to catch the 3D movie. Worth a visit but please don’t expect a Disneyland or a universal studio.
Kids had fun
This place is getting very tired. The models are worn and many broken.  Needs significant investment.  We went with friends and had 3 girls 5-6yrs and two older children.  They enjoyed themselves but probably would have as much fun together at a park.  The animals were the highlight for them.  They enjoyed feeding them.  Everything that you do inside has an extra cost, except the 3D film.  Worth a look if you have young children.
Kids love it
This park have what kids like: dinosaurs. They need a good painting job, that I noticed, but kids don't care about it. So if you have children this place is nice for them
Out dated
The park was probably pretty nice 4 or 5 years ago, but now everything is falling apart and some exhibits aren't even open. My son is obsessed with going there, but he is only 3 and anything dinosaur related makes him happy.
Tickets from $7.50
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
just awful
This place is really poor. Just plastic dinosaurs, many with broken claws or tails. Our son loves dinosaurs and was pretty excited upon arrival. But, for the money, this attraction does not represent any value for money. Also, around the grounds are many rusty rails which would cause nasty cuts if children fell on them. Some of the grassy areas would be nice to sit down in summer/spring, but I would certainly never return.... especially in winter. The bronze raptors in cocomong park are far better than anything in this park.... Its in serious need of an upgrade or twenty.
Educational and fun theme park
It's quite a tour to walk around and see everything in this theme park. The park has some huge dinosaur statues, nice views, it features a bird house, a maze, a small museum and some food vendors. It's a museum type, very laid-back amusement park with nice scenery.
Wide park, with many day out fun for kiddos
Was visit here coincidentally, when asking taxi driver to dragon head, but was allright, place was beautiful and nice scenery, view surround mountain and fresh air was nothing to complain. The park suit for kiddos, wiyh some museum as well.
Dinosaur Theme Park, Jeju
I would't bring anyone there at all.  It's really a waste of time for adults and teens.  Maybe it may be good for small kids.
Natural amusement park with dinosaur statues
This is not a place for adults like us because the tour guide could only provided us with the very basic information about the dinosaurs for the children packs traveled with us. The park also has birds and rabbits for the kids to feed and play with. We think we’re a bit “out of date” for this place.
Wonderful land for children
I visited Dianosaur land in Jan.  with my son, 4 years old. When we visited Jeju island, the sky was cloudy and finally heavy snowing. However that was a great moment with dinosaurs under snowing. It seemed like we're cruising among dinosaurs at the Jurassic period. If you visit there with young boys especially, we never regret you choice.With my son, and wife, we had gotten a wonderful time in Jeju island including Dinosaur Land.  And also I strongly recommand that  'Seopjicozy' 섭지코지 which was the shooting place of the drama, "All In," and there was a lot of scenery of the sea and others around it.I think Seopjicozy is wonderful place with picnic with children.
Dinasaur were present on Jeju in past? My sons says....Yes!
Specility of S. Korean is to make a simple thing also most presentable and impressive with best possible aesthetic and respectful manner.Dinosaur land on Jeju Island is one of the attracting places for a family. More details of Dinosaur are displayed with 3D models of different types of Dinosaurs. All around nature was also so well prepared that things look more natural....In short I repeat my recommendation as given in one another review.....make your visit to Jeju at least once and have your own genuine experience which you might not get so well at other places.
Tickets from $7.50
