Weirdly enjoyable
One of the advantages of Covid is that it reduces the number of people using certain facilities, and the pleasantly low number of people within the Theme Park was testament to this. Only a few of the rides were open. This led me to ponder how some rides can be more Covid friendly than others. But the conclusion I came to was that there is no Covid-difference between the rides, but instead it is all just one big excuse to provide half-hearted service and blame Covid. The rides on offer were fun, thought the roller coaster was a tad over before it was started. The staff seemed to be depressed. I do not know if this is because it was quiet, or because they were having to work there on such a pleasant day. I think families with kids in the range 8 to 14 will like this the best. It's an enjoyable couple of hours and the models and designs in the park are fun.
Nice amusement park
Nice little amusement park at the Shinhwa Resort. We got vouchers when we checked in at Shinhwa Landing hotel that we have exchanged for all day tickets for the park for 9000 won each. It was a great deal and kids had great time. The park wasn’t busy at all so we rode some rides couple of times. Well worth it.
Fun little theme park
Excellent little theme park! We are staying at a Shinhwa property so received complimentary  “big 3” tickets for the park.  Our kids (ages 14, 12, 9, 6, 3) had fun on the rides. There’s not a ton of shade and it’s a warm day. We came early (at opening) but several rides didn’t open until an hour later. Very low crowds, many employees who can speak English which was very helpful!
Someones been to Disney before...
While its really small against Western style theme parks, we enjoyed an afternoon on the rides.  Also if you arw a US military service member or have a military ID (they don't know the difference between a dependent or soldier) you can get an amazing deal.  It was 9k won for 2 day combo pass for the theme park and the water park!!! Which is usually 39k won.  There is also a discount if ypu are staying at one of the resort hotels.  The park was clearly designed by someone who has visited and studied the Disney parks, specifically Tokyo Disney Sea.  Which isnt a bad thing, just needed to be mentioned.  This was our 2nd visit and have never had to wait in a line for the rides.  Also the rides are enjoyable, the staff is friendly & helpful, and the park is very well maintained.
Jeju Island Adventure
Great design with amazing rides, attractions and food. Customer service was excellent  and I would definitely come back here again
Jeju Island Adventure
Had great attractions really enjoyed all the ride I went on along with the overall designs of the place. Would come back
Jeju Island 3am get up
Good for kids and family. Wish there were more rides for adults. Everyone was lovely and the roller coasters were a lot better than expected as they are kids rides!
Great fun, first class attraction - rarely any crowds make it even better
Shinhwa Theme Park is unique in many ways.  First, it tries to make its own characters seems as popular as Mickey Mouse and Spider Man - it doesn’t work but it’s great fun just trying to figure out who is who.  Second, everything seems brand new - so it’s spotless and at the same standards as a Disneyland or Universal Studios.  Third - the rides are small but oh so knock out fun.  And there is rarely anyone there.  I don’t know if they sell a fast pass but there is no need for one because i don’t ever imagine it getting that crowded.  The food was quite delicious, too - great offerings at multiple locations.  You can easily do this park in a half day and not feel like your exhausted or missing anything.  Like everything in Jeju, I think they think they are expanding but who knows..  and as i remember, the entry price is super affordable.  So, this is really a great time for anyone with kids or who enjoys theme parks.  Don’t go in thinking it’s Disneyland, though, and get picky - just enjoy it for what it is...a bold effort to start something special and first class and doing very well right from the start.  It was a great day for me and my daughter and her two cousins.  Enjoy!
Theme park
Nice place  for young kids  is best. Not really good for adults but it was cute......will try water park next time.
Jeju visit
This is a hood visit in Jeju.Our family visit jeju in June 2019.We visit jeju city for three days , then go to Shinhwa world for another days.
Tickets from $7.50
Unfortunately not so good as expected
Hello, went there on a family trip with our small kids on children's day. Overall ok, not so crowed as expected, nice park and arrangement. However here some points which should be improved:1. Ticket price is 39.000 KRW for adult and 29.000 KRW, which is too high for what is offered (still construction ongoing). Price should be reduced during construction time to attract more tourist. There should be family tickets with reduced price. 2. Bump Tube Car in New Oscar World. Its not mentioned on the map/guide and even worst its not free! You have to pay extra 5.000 KRW for adult (any maybe even more for kids) but nobody explained to you, nothing was mentioned on a board. When you think you can take the tube car, the staff ask for your ticket. So you wait 15 min, then have to buy a ticket and line up again. Poor communication and every parents were very angry but had to pay because their child already lined up and wanted to take trip tube car. Very clever from the management. Why there is a need to pay for this attraction, it should be included in entrance fee as this is already very high.  3. Helium balloon price is 13.000 KRW, which is already 1/3 of entrance fee, which is too expensive for a simply balloon. Should be less than 9.000 KRW at least. 4. The worst, all the food where sold out in Food Court. Can happen, but all food? We asked to call the other cafeteria and ask what kind of food they still have. They still had one food where we had to run to get it. We also asked what will happen if there is no food, but the staff could not answer. Later we had to eat at the snack corner where as along cue and you had ti wait 20 min to get something. 5. Shuttle bus frequency to parking lot F shall be at least doubled, currently one but and you have to wait again in the cue for 15 min. 6. Before you decide to go there with your kids, you should check witch attractions your child can take. There are some restrictions on children's height (good due for safety reasons). Sorry, the park might be nice.
New theme park in Jeju Island
I visited this place in January 2018. I traveled alone so I decided not to get into the theme park. I just take pictures in front of the entrance, but I feel that this theme park is very exciting. I'd love to play when I come again in the future. Access to this place is accessible by bus/taxi. This place is still not crowded by tourists, probably because this place has just opened and many tourists don't really know the whereabouts of this place.
Lovely Theme Park
Our first time in Shinhwa World theme park visit in December 2017. One must come with the understanding that the theme park is not yet fully developed but it has some nice rides and you can spend a few hours there . My kids had a wonderful time . Since it is new , the park is not crowded. We had lunch at the food court and it was good Korean food . We were initially disappointed when the rides were suspended due to the snow. However the rides were resumed quickly after the snow stopped. We happened to have met the theme park Manager Mr Mason Kang when we ran into communication difficulty with one of the staff attending to the ride . He was very kind to explain to us that the rides would resume soon after they dry the area . His professionalism impressed us .  Our theme park experience was a great one . My kids tried the ice skating ring within the theme park compound . Everything is new and clean . We will come again ! They are going to have a Water theme park probably year after .
Small but fun
My 10 yo daughter and I came here on a Monday in December. There was hardly anyone in the park which meant no waits. Park is small but fun rides. We stayed about 3 hours did everything and some rides multiple times.
Lots of fun
Park is a little small but has some fun rides. Very clean and new. Great staff. Good food (except for pizza).
The excitement begins here.
I was lucky enough to be given the first hand visit to a mega tourist attraction project open progressively in September 2017. The Jeju Shinhwa World , is the first premium resort in Jeju Island. It's really a resort for everyone . With different choices of hotels catering for all ages. It's just so enticing that I hope I don't need to wait that long but ....everything here is done to perfection. There will be 7 theme parks(three of these theme with TUBAn),4 hotels , villas ,Asian Food street, YG Town all these within this 2.5 million square feet  . It is really going to be so much fun staying here, the happening place. I only have time to snap photos on the theme park. Sooooooo excited to go back again to have fun in this Resort.
Tickets from $7.50
