Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Korean trip around 2019-2020
Trip with friends to see underwater animals; sharks ,star fishes and other tortoise and outside aquarium full happiness with mini korean mart, coffee and drinks and if you all like Korean food & beverages terrace
Nice Aquarium to visit
This place was a little bit out of the way but we had a rental car so it didn’t really matter. The aquarium itself was very clean and well organized but I agree with the others that it is a bit overpriced. The touch tank, like others said was unmanned and I can only imagine what those poor creatures go through with all the handsy kids that were around. The main tank was neat and they had a lot of variety.
Very satisfied site!
It was great to see so many different fish, sharks, penguins, and even dolphins!You should book a dolphin show separately, but I recommend you to watch it if you have a chance!There's also a free performance by divers and fish so I hope you watch it.My eyes were pleasant because there were many wide transparent windows. Visit the Aqua Planet where you can get good photos and even special experiences! I recommend it :)
Okay
It’s quite a drive from where we were. The space for the fishes Swimming around is rather small. Some sea creatures were enclosed in areas that seemed small and I feel their pain being enclosed in there. Not for the aqua activists for sure. However the external surroundings are lovely.
Educational tour
An impromptu visit to this place, as it was raining and we wanted to find an indoor place to spend our afternoon. It turned out to be an unexpectedly good and educational tour for the kids. We arrived in time for the last show at 4.30pm at the Ocean Arena - it was an acrobatic show by the professional performers, as well as sea lion & dolphin show. Recommend to get cheaper tickets at KKDay or Klook. You can purchase on site as e-tickets are provided instantly.
Mr.
It was an exciting and educational day, exposing ourselves to marine lives and most important of all we get to spend and fully utilise the day with my loved ones. Not even one second wasted😍
Good show
As a rule I try not to visit places that do animal shows and keep animals in small, confined places. However, I came here as a part of a group and enjoyed the portion of the show with dancers and divers. One male diver in particular was very impressive for a small waterpark show. The show was all in Korean so I was unable to understand the informational portions, although some parts did have subtitles. There are also animal shows with sea lions and dolphins but as mentioned previously I do not enjoy these.
An Average Aquarium with several interesting highlights
The musical performance was actually really entertaining but you will have to pay extra so please take note. The price for Aqua Planet is actually quite high (similar to SG). Another interesting thing is that outside of the Aquarium, you can get some really sick shots near the sea if you are more courageous. The shark hype-man from the musical really stuck with me throughout the 18 days of Korea so Aquaplanet is a fine attraction to visit if you have to fill time.
Good for kids but overpriced
The aquarium is good and English-friendly (so you know what you're looking at). The show at the end is aimed at kids and solely in Korean, but as it's mostly visual that's not a problem. Families can definitely spend a fun few hours here. However, the admission fee is excessive (40900 won for adults at time of writing), especially when most of the other main attractions in Jeju are either free entry or priced around 2000 won. I think this one ticket cost me more than all other entrance fees during my 5 day visit to the island combined. If you aren't visiting with children, I suggest giving it a miss.
Great for kids
I had a lot of fun going here. It was a nice and big aquarium. The show was great too! For people who loves to visit the aquarium this is the place to go!
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Good for kids
As we have been to Aquaria KLCC, Kuala Lumpur and S.E.A Sentosa Island, Singapore, it is a mixture of both aquaria. Touch tank not ideal as few sea animals available and no one overlooking the place. I would say unless your family enjoy looking at fishes or if you have never been to an aquaria, then go. Otherwise, skip.
Jeju Aqua Planet
I visited this aquarium with my family on New Year’s. I had high hopes for it since it was rated as one of the top 10 world’s best aquariums in the world. I was impressed with the way the animals were kept and could tell that they put a lot of effort into maintaining this aquarium. The only complaint I had was with their Touch Tanks. It had starfish and sharks, but there was no staff to guard it and guide people how to handle the animals. I saw a lot of kids grabbing the sharks by the tail, grabbing them out of the water to carry them across the room and throw them into another tank. I was disappointed that such a conservation-based aquarium did not place staff at the touch tanks to make sure the visitors learn how to respectfully handle animals. However, besides that, a great place to learn about marine life and support Jeju tourism & conservation.
One of the biggest aquariums in Asia
And a nice one too :) You can watch seals, penguins, otters being fed. The main tank (5000 t of water) is full of stings, sharks and smaller fish. Very calming. They also have the outside arena with dolphins and sea lions. Reccomended :)
An average facility that is difficult to reach!
We were staying in Seogwipo and had an extra day with nothing to do. So decided to book tickets from Klook on the day of visit. From Days Hotel in Seogwipo, we would have to take two buses, 201 and then 295?. The first bus is 1 hr 10-15 mins and much more frequent than the second bus, which is a 5 mins ride or a 25 mins 2 km walk. Taxis are cheap, starting fare of 2,800 krw will get you to Aqua Planet from the 201 bus stop but they are a needle in a sack - hard to come by! Other countries’ hard to reach facility ir tourist site may provide some form of free shuttle/transport but not here. Once you enter the main facility, it would take you a long time to find the toilets - certainly not tourist friendly. Live shows are also all in Korean,  albeit with English & Chinese subtitles. The size of this Aquarium is about one third or one quarter of the Okinawa one, so we were seriously disappointed with its size and varieties of fishes available. Visit if you have a car or join a local tour or book a taxi. If using public transport like us, think twice about going as its 3-4 hrs to and fro Seogwipo.
Nice
The aquarium is nice the show was good.I just wish there was more of the animal involvement but my daughter and I had a good time though.
Crowded but Worthy
Visited in golden weekend so expected crowded with tourist and local. This place is big and nice. Environment is clean, just not so tourist friendly cos the staffs barely speak English. But it’s doesn’t spoil our mood of visit cos I love ocean. This is a really good place to visit. Entrance is bit expensive compare others tourist attractions museum. It’s cover with 2 shows.  I got my discount ticket online via KLOOK. If visit on the day without buy online cost 39800won per person.
Surprisingly big
During my travel to Jeju, on the second day I decided to relax a bit and to visit aqua planet next to sunrise pick. As most of the main attraction on Jeju island it is very clean and well organised with food court, gif shop and smilling staff. I have paid 39500 won but if you understand Korean there is site where you can get discounted tariffs. The visit is in 3 part the aquariums, the science part and the theatre. The science part wasn't much. the aquariums are huge and the main one has a "screen" 8 m high by 15 m long it is like a giant tv screen where you see lot of different fishes. The Theatre has representation about 3 or 4 times a day which last 45 minutes. 30 minutes with swimmers and 20 minutes with dolphins and seals. Overall it was a good experience, very good if you have kids. Bear in mind that apart from a few writing in English everything is in Korean.I went on Sunday morning and it was pretty busy with lots of kids... but beareable. I recommend after the visit that should take about 2 h to exit towards the seaside and walk along the coast to the light house and the church. There is also the Zippo museum along the way.
Amazing world of animals
my wife likes animals. So, we went there. it is amazing world. sharks, dolphin.....they are ready to welcome you. just awesome.
Very alike to Okinawa's Churaumi Aquarium
Went here during Easter. Overall experience was good. A bit too similar to Okinawa's Churaumi Aquarium which we visited a year ago. Not sure which one was established first.The main theatre show of diving and dolphins was a bit lame. Poor storyboard combined with several foreigners diving. A few of them did not look very happy, probably from dull repetitive shows every day. The dolphin show was much better, as far as I remember there wasn't any English subtitles.Probably the whole experience was better for kids or people who haven't been to large aquariums or the Okinawa Churaumi one. I would prefer the Okinawa Aquarium over this one for better location, foreign tourist friendliness and overall comfort.
One of the best aquariums we've been
Amazing one, they have a lot of inhabitants and also nice aquashow. They implemented some nice solutions, for example, you can walk under the penguins aquarium and also seals can swim through all three levels in a giant tube) And of course the huge aquarium wit sharks. Cool place. Also there are places to eat for a reasonable price
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Great for the family and kids
This place is rather far from where stayed (it would take about an hour from Jeju city/Seogwipo) and if you have a car, you can enjoy the scenic route, passing by horse farms and ATV parks and occasionally some towns. Make sure your car has enough petrol/gas as we didn't note much stations during our drive.It is located at a bay, by the sea, which has a good view (after you are done with the aquarium). There is a parking lot available but we were there on a super busy day despite being a Monday (we just thought that maybe it was the school holidays?) and we were lucky to get a lot.Place is stroller friendly but be mindful if the place is quite full. Everyone can get mesmerised by the display and you may just knocked by a stroller or two.The displays are quite entertaining. There are some attractions, such as otter/pelicans feeding. You can check the time of these attractions at their website and you can time your visit there. There is a underwater tunnel and the manta rays will just swim pass.There was a huge aquarium display and unfortunately for us, we were not able to the see the whale shark they were housing as it had been released back into the sea for research purpose. At certain times, there will be a feeding session by scuba divers. The penguin display had some fake penguins in between and for some reason, they look pretty realistic beside a real one when the real ones don't move. Have fun figuring out which is which!There was a show, featuring synchronized swimming, diving from high places. The show was about pirates and fairies. Everyone enjoyed the show (all in Korean with English displayed on the screen) and we were just clapping without really understanding what's going on but you will sort of understand the story. After about 20 minutes or so, there was a seal show followed by a dolphin show. Again, in Korean and you just shout and clap whenever the locals do. (For the language: it is the same in all other countries. Just be don't care and enjoy the show!) The show was about 45 minutes long and there is a stand outside selling popcorn and peanut butter roasted squid (a must try!) so get some and enjoy the show.On another wing, there is a small science museum and a 3D theater. You can skip the museum and head outdoors (as most are in Korean) but there is a holographic display of the whale shark inside that is really cool. Attraction is free. For the 3D theater, not sure if we had to pay an additional sum but it was featuring a shark show and we reckoned the kids would be terrified.There is a cafeteria downstairs and the food is pretty good. You will need to pay at a counter, which they will give you a device which beeps when the food is ready for collection. If can get quite crowded as there's limited space. During your walk, there will be pop up stands selling food so you don't have worry about getting hungry while walking around.After it all, head outside for the scenic view and some outdoor picture taking. We were there on a gloomy day and wind was pretty strong.
Very far but worthwhile visit
The drive from jeju airport area to aqua planet is around 1 hour 10 minutes, passing by many small towns. The entry tickets were quite costly and I used klook to get some discounts with the tickets. Upon parking the rented car outside the vicinity of aqua planet, then picked up a number from the machine next to the ticket counter. Waited for the number and redeemed my wristbands without much hassle. Kids under 3 can enter for free.There are plenty to see and we were in time to watch fish feeding, a seal and dolphin show. Outside the facilities has really good view and many people were taking photos.Food in the food court was not too bad and similar like incheon airport have to be ordered and paid at the cashier counter and picked up from the individual sections when the device buzzes.Overall experience was great and worth every cent spent.
Good time to reacquaint with your knowledge of marine lives
Loved it the various marine lives attraction there. Personally I liked most is the underwater aquarium where we could walk beneath the swimming fishes. Also the collection of various jellyfish and octopus on display. Stunning.
very nice place
when we visited this place we enjoyed the show! Really it was very nice/ and also in the lanet so many things you can see in real! and very nice cafe
Unless really like sea animals.
admission consider expensive. The show not really fanstatic and all in korean. If not sea animals lover,  can skip this place. Only suitable for family with young children
Cool Aqua Planet
Aqua Planet is located in Siopjikoji area, about an hour intercity bus (Bus #701) travel from Jeju City Hall. Overlooking the Seongsan Ilchulbong peak at the back of the Aqua planet.
Jeju Aqua Planet
Just a Stone throw away from  Seongsan Ilchulbong is located the Aqua Planet. It is easy to find and has generally enough parking place available. It is quite a big building and not to over look. Entrance fee is a bit pricy. We paid for 2 adults and one child over a 100k Won if I am not mistaken. Anyway a huge Aquarium costs probably a bit more efforts as other places in Jeju. The whole aquarium is made comfortable for stroller and wheel chair. We entered 20 minutes before 3pm and did a mistake. At the entrance they told us that we have to look the show first and then go through the Aquarium. It is what we did. So after the show we had to deal with a lot of People crawling through the aquarium at the same time. Don't do this. Instead do the other way around. Best case you enter the aquarium when the show starts. The aquarium itself is very nice and a lot to see not only for the juniors. A lot of species big and small and tall and tiny. Good place especially when it is either rainy or very hot outside. At the end as you may guess is a souvenir shop. LoL. Since then we have one Pingu more in our collection. Infrastructure wise (shops and 00) no issues. The show itself what shall i say. I thing you have to see it and judge. It is 40 minutes long and is divided by (20%) dolphin performance, (20%) sea dog performance and some (60%) pirate story performance with humans only. Fair enough to say that over all the show was good and fascinating. Conclusion is that we visit the place again.
Pricey but a decent place to visit
We had to cancel our trip to Udo Island last minute due to heavy rain, and because Jeju does not have too many indoor attractions, we ended up visiting Aqua Planet. Admission is quite pricey - around USD 130 for a family of four. I am personally not a big fan of aquariums or zoos,  but I was glad to learn upon arrival that this aquarium had already released its whale sharks to the ocean. The show was mostly performed by synchronized swimmers and other actors, while sea lions and dolphins only played a small part. Kids got to learn some new species, from tomato crabs to long-neck turtle and more. Overall it was quite a positive experience.
Bit expensive for an aquarium
The aquarium was actually nice and the range of species was adequate. The only issue was that that all the logos and banners of the place display a whale shark. However we didn't see any whale shark in the display. The price was rather high for a nothing special aquarium.
Overpriced
Might be interesting for kids, but after visiting the Budapest Tropicarium in the past there were very few unique things to see here.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
🐵. Dolphins. Sealions
It was and amazing and great show of Monkies, dolphin and sealions.Very nice show don't miss it.Picturing with dolphins
The Shows are Entertaining!
I really love marine animals, and dolphins are my favorite! I really enjoy the shows very much. The most impressive performance was presented by the Haenyeo in Jeju local. They are so brave to dive so deep to make their living. I booked many discount tickets on hulutrip.com. It was so fast and easy to redeem the ticket. And of course, save money^
SCUBA Dive in Their Large Exhibit!
I happened to notice a separate entrance desk that had pictures of SCUBA divers on it. I asked an attendant nearby, in simple English sentences, if they had any SCUBA diving and how much was it? It was only 119,000 KWon and they happened to have availability right away! I've dove in other aquariums, but this was the cheapest and didn't even require a reservation on a busy day! Note: I had to present my cert card.I was taken to a back area above the large exhibit where I was given a 5/7 wetsuit (the water was a little chilly), Meres booties, a weight belt and weights, mask, regulator, ScubaPro fins, and BCD.There was a shower room for women with two open shower stalls. They do not allow you to wear anything under your wetsuit. I was given a small basket to store my clothes, but it was difficult to keep them totally dry. I recommend giving them to someone or renting a locker out in the lobby for delicate items. After donning all my gear, I got to check out the fish "hospital" above the aquarium where sick fish are kept separate until they are healthier. There was even a sea turtle!Each guest diver was assigned a guide, but mine let me wander freely once he observed I could dive. There was only one other guest in the tank so that was nice. Otherwise, it was just me and LOTS of sea life. In the tank, there were lots of sharks: black tip, nurse, leopard, small hammerheads. There were lots of large sting rays and schools of fish, too. It was fun to interact with the guests, too! I'd swim up to the glass and wave at the kids. They loved it!I still had to pay the separate entrance fee for the aquarium (about $40, but I received a 20% off coupon at the airport), but it was worth it. The exhibits were very well done, there was lots of food to eat while wondering around, and great picture taking opportunities. Would definitely go back.Note: A lot of the aquarium features the image of a whale shark. Apparently, they had two a few years ago, but one died and they released the other one so they are no longer there.
Love the frogs display
An aquarium with the typical fishes both salt and fresh water. What was interesting was the display of many species of frogs from the marshes. Also very very expensive tickets for a rather small exhibition. Would probably be more worth while if going with children as  there is an experiential exhibition which is kids-friendly.
Wonderful place to visit
Despite the crowds, this place is a wonderful stop to check out. Don't miss the seals, walrus and pelicans. Note that the whale shark that they used to have there has been set free.
Love this place.
Aqua Planet is a very nice place to visit, especially with a toddler. Many things to see, dont miss the seal and dolphin show its very well worth it. It tends to get pretty busy and crowded. Purchase your tickets online if you can, you can get discount.
expensive entrance fee, and very busy place
The aqua show was really the only thing we really enjoyed, but it was too long and very crowd. This place is definitely on top list, but very overpriced when it comes to entrance fee. Our family two adults paid entrance, so if you have several children over the age of 3 it will cost lots of money and honestly not worth it. It was at the time we visited very crowded, and long queues. We had for example wait 30 min in line to order food. It was raining heavily that day so maybe that caused it, but to sum up, nice visit but not worth it
A Spectacular Aquarium
Having been to the Monterey Aquarium, I wasn't expecting that much from an aquarium on little Jeju Island. I was pleasantly surprised to find a modern, well-done aquarium with really spectacular displays, especially the female free-divers. A nice surprise.
Worthwhile couple of hours
We visited on a rainy weekend which made the aquarium a perfect place to visit.  It has a nice variety of exhibits and displays.  It was warmer inside than we expected...not heavily air conditioned.  Good entertainment for little kids plus teenagers.
Good aquarium, but average show.
The aquarium is good and the penguins and sharks are worth watching. Huge collection of marine life you cant miss...The show seemed to be a bit dragging. Before the sealion and dolphin show, there was a 'good pirate bad pirate ' show, which for me, was a bit boring. Dolphin show also wasted time showing videos. But towards last 5 mins, it was good.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
When was the last time you've seen Dolphins fly???
If the header caught your attention, then do not miss the show and watch acrobatic dolphins, seals, etc jump, fly, and talk... no I'm kidding! LOL! But it's really a neat place to bring the kids to spend the day. Daddies and mummies, it'll be educational back to "school", and it's not just aquatic. Expect to spend at least a gd half day. Enjoy!!!
Nice and functional aquarium
Normally as everyone is aware that the aquarium always be busy and crowd with people. Here also crowd but it's not too tight since the space is very big. Once we get into the aquarium, you can buy the ticket at the lobby and the restroom is in the left. The lobby is very large so you won't get stuck with people.They will give the wristband tag and you get into aquarium on the right. You will experience sea animals like other aquarium separated into sections and time zone. The difference that I found its better is there have the seating at like the stadium in front of grand aquarium so we can sit and relax there.If you come at the right time,You will see the special diving show by the local lady whom dive deep and find the seafood stuffs. So you will see the way of local people living as well.There's also the show available but the ticket would be different. At the end of tunnel you will see the souvenir shop which I think the items are not too expensive.I think it's better than other place I have been since some places, you may see people more than sea animals.At the exit of aquarium, you can see the nice scenic view of Hallasan Mountain
Amazing show
There were monkeys, se lions and dolphins. Before the show they had a short video on how a baby dolphin was born and it was so touching...
A truly beautiful aquarium
Beautifully built facility to showcase all things aqua. It creatively displays sea creatures and even Jeju's hanyeo heritage. Truly impressive. Good restaurants to refuel and recharge. A wonderful place to bring the whole family: young and old.
Nice place to cool off
Enjoyed a couple of hours browsing thru the sea kingdom. Many varieties of fishes and huge aquarium of big fishes and string rays. Shop for souvenirs at the gift shop and some food and drinks at the café. There are beautiful coast behind Aqua Planet which you might want to take stroll for some beautiful photos.
Beautiful aquarium
Impressive aquarium, great facility with restaurants, souvenir shops and some more. Aqua Planet is right next to the sea shore, that makes it a beautiful sight day and night. Too bad the staff were rude and unreasonable. It's also a bit pricey but it's definitely worth the visit. The ticket can be cheaper if you pre-order it and skip the show.
Good ocean arena perfomance
Its three floors with aquariums but still not so big bu got pretty awesome one with big display where you can sit and enjoy the view. I also liked the show. They got 2 types of it one with humans and several with animals like dolphins and sea bear. Performance times are 11:10, 13:00, 15:00 and 17:00. There is also feeding times and female diver's diving. It opens from 10 to 19, so be sure you will see at least one of performance and have time to look around since performance lasts about 40-45 min each.
great for family with young kids
Aqua planet was big and many interesting fishes & performance ...nice food serve at the canteen only set back was that there was no more whale shark
Aqua
Very lovely place. Newly established. Lots of marine creatures. Astonshing architecture. The fare is relatively expensive. Escort yourself with a korean to get fair discount.
No more whale shark! Disappointed.
I and my family visited this place in late June 2015. One of the main reason we wanted to go there was because of the whale shark. Unfortunately, the whale shark was no longer there. There was a notice in the entrance saying it was released back to the ocean. There was nothing noted about the whale shark release in the company web site before. If there was a notice in the company web site, I would probably not going there. The aquarium is not very big compared to other aquariums that I visited before. But the admission fee is quite expensive IMHO compared to other aquariums I visited before.One thing I want to mention that you could take a good picture of Seongsan Ilchulbong Peak from outside the aquarium. Will I go there again? Probably not unless they bring back the whale shark.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Otters!
Our family has visited quite a few aquariums, but this is the first one where we've seen some adorable otters. Adorable! Facility is beautiful, clean, airy-feeling.Tanks are well-kept, it appears, so my guess is that the sea creatures are "happier." The aquarium is just the right size for anyone to finish in less than two hours.  What's also nice is that it's right next to the ocean.
Cute Live Water Show
My daughter enjoyed the live dolphin, monkey, seal and bird show. Not much else to see though because this is a just an aquarium.
Love this place
Totally worth it.  All of the exhibits have English translations, so I was able to read up on all the animals that interested me.  It's a bit pricy, but totally worth it.
Calm and Peace
Personally, I love this place very much.It's a good place to relaxing your mind.The place is huge yet I do find peace at every corner and section inside.You should come by yourself or with your family.I've been to couple of aqua place in several country and I think, its worth it to spend time here.However, don't waste your time with a cheesy diving show.I recommend you to go to nearby White House (actually Light House) rather than waiting for the diving show time. So, I'll definitely come again!
ordinary
This is nothing compared to the S.E.Aquarium in Singapore. So Singaporeans can really give this place a miss.  Very ordinary, like any other small scale aquarium in the world.
You will not mistake this for Sea World
A cheesy diving show and then a good but short dolphin show. The diving show was a silly story line and lots of diving but not spectacular. Plus the choreography was week.Who doesn't like dolphins
Okay for alittle indoor time away from the cold
Aqua Planet was a last minute improvised of plans as the wind was exceptionally cold that day.However for the price we pay, i am a tad disappointed. Yes the place is huge but the animals that were displayed weren't much. We've seen more and bigger arapaima, sharks and stingray elsewhere.Theshow was half synchronized swimming and half animal show. The synchronized swimming wss just okay, a bit too lengthy that it turned a little boring.Displays could have been more informative. It wasnt stated smaller shows like feeding times etc. We took our time wandering through the science part but overall there just isn't much.Not recommended.
Good place to enjoy aquarium.  Sea animals.
Good place to enjoy aquarium.  Sea animals.  My children enjoyed this place very much. It was perfect place for children, for me and wife it was a little plain. But we sew the egg of shark and Hae Neoi (해녀, woman diver to catch sea food) in a big aquarium it was amazing experience and that place was big and convenient.
One of Asia's newest and largest aquariums...
Nicely designed with many exhibits and several shows.  Loved the 'fish ball.:  Adjacent to Sunrise Peak.
Beautiful place for any ages
This place are bautiful, ecxciting, entertaining for everyone, and educating for students and children.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Choice for an afternoon bonding with family
The Jeju Aqua Planet really had a lot of marine creatures to showcase! There were turtles, crabs, varieties of fish, etcWhat really solved me were the cute penguins, the sea lion, the sharks, and the cute little spaces for photos!It's a good place if you just want to relax with your family, your friends, or a date :DAside from it being supposedly quiet, it is very soothing to just be around such adorable sea life
Good place to spend a few hours
It was huge and plenty to see. Especially if you have children. There are also different performances...like an aquarium showing women divers diving underwater.
Okay
First, my lower rating for this aquarium comes partly from expectations that were not met.  This aquarium used to have whale sharks, but does NOT anymore.  They couldn't properly take care of them, one died and they released the other back into the ocean.  Second, this aquarium has been advertised as the largest in Asia, which is not true.  It has the largest viewing window in East Asia.  Those misconceptions out of the way, this is still a great aquarium.  Interesting sea life, some of which I had never seen before.  Great displays and a show that is entertaining, if you understand Korean at least somewhat.
Awesome aquarium in Korea
This place was way beyond my expectations.We visited most of aquariums in north east america since we have a little child and live near by new york city but this aquarium is one of the best compares to those in america.2yr old facility has lots of displays and shows.Very clean and up close displays so children can find interests.You should watch aqua aerobic and sea animal show. It is fun and amazing.The view from the building is spectacular.We found great deal with 20% off admission on internet so it was worthy for about $30.
Aquarium at Jeju
Enjoyed the displays and live shows there. Ticket prices are quite steep, but worth it if you have about 2 hours to spend there.
Pretty marine creature relive past moment
The last time I went to a similar place with during my childhood days. Visiting aqua planet in jeju again is a good experience. The whole place isn't all that big but there is plenty of sea marine life to see and a Enormous fish take. This place can give u a kind of relaxing atmosphere. At the end there is a performance where u can rest your weary legs. Good place to be If you have a busy trip before you came to jeju. A little break for a change. Overall I enjoy the trip here and will revisit again with my love ones if ever given the chance.
Natural Stop after Seeing Seongsan Sunrise Peak
I have seen all the a lot of Aquariums in Asia and America. Comparatively this is not big as that with big shows, but it makes use of its space and is a natural stop over from Seongsan sunrise peak. 10 minutes away. There are amphibians like exotic frogs, iguana and Lizzard from all over the world, Penguins and Pelikans, Walrus, seals and sealion. You can also sea them during feeding time.There is also a big aquarium with fishes, sharps and stingrays. What I liked most were the small aquariums with exotic fish variety. It did not have whale shark which require big space and are usually in the wild. This I have seen in the open sea while swimming near it. Overall, the place is cool, although smaller by comparison, but spacious inside. It is recommended because it is part of the it is on the way to or from Seongsan and educational especially for children.
Good spot for families
The aquarium is spacious.  You can see a lot of sea animals no matter how hot, cold or rainy the outdoor is.  Taking a leaflet at the entrance is a must because the show time is up-dated.  It is so funny to see the penguins line up to eat food and jump up the stairs.  The otters are also interesting when you see them playing through the tunnels and on the swinging bed.  The 'stars' of the aquarium can be seen at the theatre which is attractive and interesting. My family stayed there for more than three hours.  The soft toys sold there are in good quality and my daughter bought a penguin as a souvenir.  There are food shops for people to enjoy but we didn't try any.
So glad we made the trip here
One of my family's favorite attractions on jeju although we had to drive more than an hour from seogwipo.The enclosures were made such that you could literally be so close to the sea creatures. We were especially awed by seeing the walrus so close up. Food at aqua terrace was also decent. Animal show was better than the synchronized swimming one. Loved the place, both adults and children. They did some parts better than the aquariums in Singapore, Melbourne, etc.
This can be somewhat disappointing if you are a frequent aquarium visitor
First of all I had to say I was somewhat attracted by their logo of a whale shark on it.  But only to find out that there was actually no whale shark in the aquarium anymore.  I have been to a number of aquariums in Asia, including Singapore, Okinawa and Osaka, but this one on Jeju island is probably the least impressive.  Nonetheless the aquarium is literally 5 minute drive from Seobjikoji so if you have the time might be a good stopover point.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Sea Elephant, what a shy girl!
October is the most beautiful season in Jeju Island. Very blue sky, so fresh air, no traffic, sapphire sea.....we drove morning and nightand fully enjoyed Jeju! I will miss it again and visit again soon.
