Close to the city
Samyang Beach was the only beach in Jeju that took down contact info for all visitors and even had visitors put on temperature sensitive stickers.  The swimming area is quite small and most visitors were there for surfing/windsurfing lessons which most of the beach area was allocated for.  We liked the shaded areas near the water and were able to hang out without having to pay for a parasol or a cabana.  It's not a particularly picturesque beach but it's one of the few in the city.
serene
to define this place in one word, serene. not many people at all, walking distance from the bus stop with a few cafes around
Liked in dreams
Samyang Black Sand Beach - Swear I had never seen one before in my life and here I was in this beautiful place.
Perfect for swimming
Perfect for swimming, the sand color, well the photo did not do justice, it is not pitch black, but grayish brown,
Black Sand Beach
The beach do really have a black sand and it is interesting if you wanted to go there and see the sand. Nothing much you can do there cause there are not many tourist going there. We just go there to take a few photos and see the sand.
To see
this is a spot you must see if you go to Jeju in low season. Very few people. It is visited by families with kids that try to catch the crabs on the rocks. The black volcanic sand is nice especially if you are in the mood to look for the spots where the fountains emerges from the sea. Here, sea water mixes with amazingly freezing river water that brings some white sand on the shore. The view of black sand mixing with the white sand allows you to take beautiful pictures. Romantic place
Dirty and no/ low maintenance
I was walked on olle trail 18 today, this beach is  one of the attraction and also form part of olle 18. The beach is lack of maintenance and surrounding looks dirty, and run down. But, the black sand is really soft and beautiful. Although today is Sunday but only two Korean families were there, brought their young kids playing black sand.
A bit disappointing - dirty
We just visited today. It is winter so maybe the beach looks better in summer time. The sand is covered with a cover and there is much washed up dirt / rubbish on the beach. The view on the city is not specially relaxing.Fun to see black sand but there are other parts of the island where black sand is combined with better views and clean.
Beautiful reflection!
Because of black sand, the reflection is really beautiful. specially sunset is fantastic. The combination  the  sky with sea water is gorgeous. If you come to Samyang Black Sand beach. You will never regret of it.
It's a overcrowed beach
There are so many other gorgeous beaches on the island - my advise is to Hamdeok or Gimnyeong Seongsi Beach.
