Everything was renewed!
Now they have a kart there! Amazing! My kids just loved it! They renewed all the miniatures and now it looks much better.
Miniatures Architecture of the World Famous Buildings
Reduced scaled of world famous known buildings like great wall of china and many more that I cannot name of all... PS - do pray that after u came in, u can find your way out as there is no transport at the area
Waste of time; dirty
This place is run down and every miniature building was grungy looking with a layer of dirt or rust surrounding it all. I would not recommend going to it and wasting money. However, the lady at the ticket booth was super nice and helpful when it came to getting a taxi to pick us up once done.
Old and tired... not worth the price but worth the weirdness
Don't go here expecting to be impressed. It's a bit underwhelming. But if you like oddities, this is one place to see the major structures of the world in miniature. As well as some other odd ball photo opportunities. This was one of the more expensive places considering how tired it looks and slowing falling apart. I'd skip this one even though it could draw you in from the vastness. Move on... if they lower the price to like 4000-5000won it might be worth it but not at 9000won per person.
Not too fun
Ticket price was 9,000 krw. many replicas of the building there. Maybe if you bring your child the it will make them happy
Very poorly kept and not interesting
This place shows miniature buildings which are famous, from all over the world. However, they are poorly kept, some have wrong information and are definitely not for young active children. I do not recommend coming here, as this may be a waste of time.
Need to refurbish and upgrades
the ticket price is cheap but place a bit far away from city..sculptures are not well kept so looked run down.but there are many beautiful world buildings which make good photo spots.i am very disappointed there is not even a small cafe for us to take a snack.there is a drink vending machine though..i checked the surrounding for staff.think less than 6staff..this can be a very good attraction place if jeju govt can pump in some money to repaint the buildings open a cafe and make the bus stop nearer so we do not have to walk so long.
Nice time
We spent some fun hours here, luckily the weather was beautiful and I'd suggest to visit when it's sunny so the place can really shine. Could be better maintained but we liked it regardless. So what's to see here? Installations of famous landmarks and a tiny Korean village (which is more like few houses really). I wouldn't call this a theme park, I'd say it's a park with an interesting and enjoyable theme without toys. I think most parks and museums in Jeju share one common problem: the staff seems to be nonpresent and there's a serious lack of catering service. No coffee shops, restaurants or they're either closed. I think this place had something but I think it was closed. Either way, I think it's worth visiting if you happen to be around and the surroundings are pretty too.
Park was fun, but needs to be maintained
The overall theme was a good one, cause you get to see the various famous landmarks in a fraction of its size. We went on a day where there wasn't many people, so thats a good thing, cause we can take our time with the photographs. The entrance fee was the most expensive among all the entrance fee, standing at 20,000 won for 3 people (2 adult, 1 student), but it was pretty fun despite the shabby appearances.
There are better places to go, place not maintained
Maybe I'm not the mini theme park type of person. It was poorly maintained and I did not enjoy it. There was a small area that showed how Korea was like in the 60s that I thought was different from the other outdoor exhibits. This is not a place I would recommend my friends to go. I think there are better places.
Tickets from $7.50
Short visit if you have extra time
Some of the mini structures in the land look like not taken good care for a long time and  most of the painting had faded. If you are travelling with kids and have extra time can go for a short visit .
The theme was good, but need to improve
C1 ( 2016.07.15 ) This park's theme was good, and I could see world's landmark. The wide place was good to walk with famous sculpture. But the sculpure was need to mend and manage, I think. Because of old and shabby sculpure, my enjoyment was decreased. And the high price was not good to me with facility.
Jeju mini mini land
It is a park like Topu in Japan and world park in China. But comparing to others the models of world famous buildings, statues are very small. The park is small too. Not so much recommend this place.
Not for the jaded traveller
Be a kid. Imagine yourself in different parts of the world as you capture memories with iconic buildings from around the world.
Save some time for other attraction
I believe that are many interesting attraction around in Jeju Island.  Do put this as your last attraction if you have no place to visit.
Short visit in extra time
Good experience for kids. Cute lloking models of famous landmarks. Not very big, so should not take a lot of time.
Nine ritual village in Jeju Island
Nine Ritual Village‬‬‬ that is a quiet village with diligent people who cultivate organic fruits and vegetables, where there is more natural beauty. Children here play with frogs and grasshoppers after school, chase beetles and fireflies at night while playing hide and seek. Nine ritual name is due to that who will visit here will experience nine joys. This village is beautiful, clean and very close to nature. It not beyond that you will fall in ‪‎Love‬‬‬ with it.
Cute little walk-through
This little mini-park was cute and a fun little walk-through of famous landmarks from around the world. It only took about an hour to walk through.
Worth a visit if you have extra time
Overall the park is quite old, kinda poor maintenance as miniatures are surrounded with lots of grass, poor paintings and not so impressive. Thought it might have alot people to visit the park but turn out seems like we are the only visitors.
Not so impressive
I felt the whole mini structures in the land have been long not taken good care and most of the painting had faded.
Tickets from $7.50
big guy in a small land
We had enjoyed the miniature park. it was fun . my wife love it and I like the detail models of those as a follow model maker.
Not Miniature Golf
Driving by I thought this was a miniature golf course. Being the stupid American I am I learned very quickly that this place was a miniature replica of famous monuments and buildings throughout the world. It was a fun place to stroll around. It's a good site for a few photos. Good place to stop by for an hour or less... Any more would be a waist of time.
Uninspired.
We weren't very impressed with this attraction. While there's (miniature) sights to be reminded of (or to add to) one's bucket list, it was poorly maintained. We had previously visited Legoland in Malaysia and even its miniland was better than this entire attraction. Skip.
Good if first time to miniature park
If you have seen any miniature park before then this park will be boring for you. But if you have time remaining for the day then you can see this place. The entrance ticket is expensive if you are not a solo traveler.  Eco land, Stone park and Sangumburi Crater are near this place.  I have been to a miniature park in Shenzhen city of China, so this park was borning for me.
Not well maintained
A place to see all monuments and buildings around the world just in one place but should maintain some of our their miniature if they want to increase visitors. Great for the first-time visit
World heritages at one place
Though found almost all heritage place of the world but not was well maintained. It seems that it can be maintained if the entry fees is made less to invite more travelers and ultimately increasing the total revenue.
Big but boring
The land is big with many miniatures but I get tired of the figures real quickly. However there are some interesting photo worthy displays. Go if you have time to spare or if you are going with kids. Entrance fee is 8000won.
Mini Tiny land
Not to bad,may go for a visit..Entrance fee is 8000Won for adult and 6000Won for children.There are old korean movie playing there,also korean 60's,70's shops display,and etc
nice late afternoon stroll
if you have time, have a visit to this place. it has quite a number of miniatures of famous building around the world. there is also place for kids to play and food stalls. not a must place to visit. and also the miniature not well maintained.
Miniature landmarks of the world
It's a place filled with miniature landmarks of the world. Nothing much more than that.However, some of landmarks are not very well kept. Some of them had algae, cracks or unkept grass.
Tickets from $7.50
A park for kids
A park full of famous world landmarks and buildings but downsized. Perhaps kids will love this place more than adults. Did a quick 45mins walk around this park and left. Skip this park for other better places in Jeju.
Korean LegoLand ~ kind of!!
This was just like Legoland in California, just on a much smaller scale (no pun intended). It looks like it was once a better place and has gone to the wayside. My first visit was around December then again in June. December was really rundown, then June the grass and greenery covered up the poor parts from the winter. Kids will enjoy it, you will be wondering why you gave KRW to see it!
Nice Around the World Miniature
This park has lots of models 1/25 scale of the real landmarks of the world including thw egypsian pyramids, the eiffel tower, the white house, the forbiden gardens of china, the roman ruins, the mexican pyramids.....etc etc it has a Korean buffet next to it with real korean food
Tickets from $7.50
