Georges mountain and beach view
You get an amazing view when you go up the stairs. the view also changes a lot, from pine trees to sand beach, volcanic rock beach, and the view of Halla mountain (the highest mountain in South Korea). Everywhere was very clean and the path was clear and guide signs were easy to find. I also really enjoyed the ocean view. It's perfect if you go there on a clear day.
Songaksan Mountain
Songaksan Mountain is another highly impressive place that I have visited in Jeju. It is a volcanic mountain with several craters. It is said that there are 99 small volcanic peaks besides two major craters in which the largest one is 500 m wide and 80 m deep, and still covered with black volcanic soil. The walking route follows the perimeter of a volcanic mountain which allows the hikers to observe amazingly gorgeous vertical cliffs around the mountain. The walking trails at the top of these cliffs along the perimeter of the crater is just spectacular. Since the mountain lies at the edge of the southwesternmost corner of the mainland the visitors can see a wide view of the open sea at both northwest and northeast sides. The view of the Gapado and Marado islands on the northwest side and Hyeongjeseom Island and Sanbangsan Mountain on the northeast side are amazing from the observation platform.
Refreshing walk with amazing views
I visited this place because is part of the Route 10 of Jeju Olle Walking Festival. Walking here was the most refreshing feeling. Everywhere you look is beautiful and is hard to fight the temptation of taking pictures all the time. I wanted to enjoy the walk instead of taking pictures so I tried to don't use the phone that must. Still, couldn't help it. So I will share some pictures too. I hope you have the chance to visit this place. Even better if you can do the full Route 10. Is long but is worth it. I came here during corona times and it was super safe. Max of 15 people per group and mandatory mask (and they give you one for free btw)
Jaw-dropping place!
Cannot explain fully how amazingly gorgeous was that place! Everything was perfect and I think I get to heal myself on the way because it's a narrow path so we were alone all the time. I enjoyed the sun, sea, mountains,  nature, and myself! The combo that only Jeju Island can provide for you!
Awesome hike
Songaksan area in Daejeong-eup can be easily missed when driving through the southwest corner.  It’s a small volcano about 2 km in diameter which can be circled in about an hour on foot and was not demanding at all.  Even though the crater was off limits, the perimeter was a pleasant hike that offered some spectacular views of the volcano itself along with some nearby islands like Gapado and Marado.
Short Walking Trail
Visited on 17th October 2019.If you going with friend it would be great.A relax mini hiking walk along the breezy turquoise sea.It's a must go. Nice place to take photo too.
One of the less touristy short hikes in Jeju
Mostly domestic tourists here. This hour-long hike offers both idyllic and dramatic views of the Songaksan volcanic craters and the open ocean. Walk on right till the end to make a complete loop journey, so that you won't miss the breathtaking, almost vertical volcanic crater wall rising up over the sea.
Relaxing and Lovely Hike
We hiked round the coastal route of the mountain in April and took an hour and a half to compete the hike which included stopping at various viewpoints to enjoy the beautiful coastal scenery and sunset.  Weather was good. We started at about 4pm and the place was peaceful with not many people.  We also flew a drone at one of the viewpoints.  The hiking path was well constructed and easy to walk.  You can also ride a horse there.
Great Place with a touch of History
One can go for a hike or just sit near the shore and enjoy the view. Along the coastline one can see a number of manmade caves which stands as a testimony to the importance of Jeju Island during WWII. These caves built by the Japanese troops served as a place for storing the weapons.Though called as a mountain, it is more like a hill as it is not steep and one can enjoy the walk up the peak.
An underrated area, visit here if the weather is good
That means during a sunny day, you can see as far as the Halla mountain. And also the various geological formations around the sea. A nice hike which will take about 1.5 hours but you can just take a walk. By the way, the area is often used as backdrop for TV shows including the Dae Jang-geum 大長今 popular drama show.
