Short Shopping Street
Wide variety of shops: clothes, shoes, restaurant etc.  Nice place to get some shopping done.  I went here last week to go for last shopping, i noticed that the street is less crowd maybe due to the "virus" spreading arpund the world and also the weather is very cold. FILA BRAND IS WAY CHEAPER here.
shop for branded goods
There is nothing exciting with the Jeju Chilsung Fashion Street. It is a series of open-air pedestrian-only road lined with boutiques. The stores were familiar, such as Starbucks, New Balance, Spyder, MLB, Tommy Hilfiger, Crocs, and Adidas, although there are some designs that are available here that are not yet available in the Philippine market.The place was supposed to be part of the Jeju Winter Festival. Indeed, there were a number of Christmas-themed displays although they were nothing compared to how lavish the Christmas displays in the Philippines are.I only strolled around the area then went to the Dongmun Market nearby. The Jungang Underground Shopping District is also close—as it was winter, it was more comfortable shopping at the heated underground location of Jungang that it was in Chilsungro. Also, the items sold at Chilsungro are from brands that are more known internationally (and thus, are more expensive) than what is available at Jungang.
An Okay Shopping Street
Compare to Seoul's famous shopping streets such as Dongdaemun or Hongdae, Chilsungro has relatively less crowd. Shopping items and restaurants are also relatively expensive as well. However, it is still a good place to visit at night!
It a good place to shopping
A place to shopping. A lot of brands here. The place is clean. And also safe if you walking alone at night.
Fashion Street in Jeju in Winter
Some sports brand but nothing exciting. We came twice but still we did not find any shops we like. Compared to shops in Seoul, this is pale. Most shops selling winter coats. At end of this street, turn left and just outside the wet market, we find a shop, bang bang. They have 2 floors, lower for women and second for men. Managed to get some simple t shirts. Design was just very simple. Other than these, nothing exciting here. The wet market is more exciting with tourists, the korean snacks there were great! Here in this shopping street you get cafe. Very quiet cos winter. There is a shop selling desugner embroudery hackets and jeans gor guys but very expensive. The staff was speaking cantonese to the chinese customers so we assume Hong Kong shop. Nicer Jackets were $500 onwards.
Visit in the evening to feel the buzz
Chilsungro Shopping Street consists of 2 sections. One section is the covered arcade with shops selling international and boutique stuff. This stretch is much quieter. Perpendicular to it is the open space section, much more human traffic, with shops in the lower to mid tier ranges, such as New Balance, ABC Mart, etc.Suggest to visit this section in the evenings. The shops lightings plus the music add to the shopping ambience in Jeju. You can also visit the nearby Dongmun market, Jungang underground shopping centre and the black pork street.
Short shopping street
If you go for brands (international or local), this short street is probably the place to visit on this side of the island. It leads to the dongmun market and the underground shopping centre. Along the way, this branches off into a covered shopping arcade which we did not visit.
At 7pm most shop not open
It's near to junggang underground shopping street , most of the shop I realized it's not open or not vacant , rather dim the lights and deserted street here .
Short shopping street next to dongmun and jungang
Located next to dongmun and jungang underground market so you can combine all three in one go. Not much to see and shop. You will probably eat in dongmun. We took dinner at the end of the street in a Japanese restaurant and was really good food. Jeju has a small population and do not really expect much shopping, I could not find a memory card for my camera :-(
Most shops are broke. Creepy
Since Chinese-Korean relationship became worse there is huge decrease in tourists from china which resulted in many shops shutting down. Half a street is empty now so there's not much choice of shopping. However big shops are still good (new balance and such). You'll see almost no people there.
near with my hotel & i've walked here quite many times in a week
well. this fashion street was near with my hotel & i've walked here quite many times in a week. not so special for me as i don't do shopping but i ate 2times in this street that was impressivefirst time, i reached here at 1st day, no any breakfast shop near around*(they are opened at 9-10am at least), quite hungry & finally, i stepped in one of traditional shop that only served 3 types of food all was hangover soup, ha. seem that for drunken. price not so expensive(but not cheap) and quite many stuffs. tasty but full. lady boss also quite nice although she can't well communicate with meanother times, with fds, that was in a quiet corridor, seem quite expensive restaurant with old & korean deco. however, price was acceptable & serve sausage stew. well, we ate traditional sausage stew in korean style house(boss always walk out from his room & overall style was house instead of restaurant). he was quite concern do we know how to eat & taking care of our table. maybe it has no many tourist but only korean or japanese while we having dinner moment.
Night Shopping
This short walking street has many shops selling cosmetics, sport apparel, youngster fashion, etc. It is bit quiet for the walking street, may be due to the drop in the Chinese tourists.
Nice shopping street
It's a nice shopping street that is about 5 min walk from Dongmun Market and beside Jungang underground shopping place that is closed till August 2016. There is Tommy Hilfiger, interesting souvenir store The Islander, local designer and mid-range fashion shops, shoes and stationery stores and cafes as well. Nearby at one end is the attraction Gwandeokjeong Pavilion. At the other end of the street, there is also a black pork street.
