Historic Jejumok Gwana
Jejumok Gwana is a former government house reigning from Josen period. Very informative place to visit because it lets you know how Jeju was being ruled during historic times. The architectures of the government houses are beautiful. You can rent the Korean hanbok to take nice shots in this lovely place.When you visit in October, you also get to take some photos of  the famous Jeju tangerine 🍊 growing in the Jejumok Gwana.
Fascinating historical venue
I'm a fan of museums and historical buildings. This one ticks all my boxes; wallet-friendly entry, good information available in English, excellent toilets, and a dress-up room to photograph yourself in ancient Korean costume.We went on an overcast and drizzly day at about 11 and were the only visitors for a while.Jejumokgwana was the seat of government in the Joeseon era.Lots if interesting things to see including some punishment and torture equipment.Like many other Korean museums and historical buildings, it is well-maintained.Well worth a visit.
Peaceful
I visited this place since my hotel is directly opposite it and I had an hour to spare before my flight home. This is the former central government office from 1392 to 1910. The compound consists of 7 buildings, with signages in English. It was quiet and peaceful there, as I met less than 10 visitors during my visit. Entrance fee is 1,500 won. Toilet facilities available.Tip:  One can wear the traditional costume and take photos with 2 figurines for free. It is unmanned, just help yourself. It is located at the left corner of the entrance building.
若你是歷史的愛好者, 請一定要造訪.  Must visit if you love history.
就在中央地下街 11 號 (或 13 號) 入口旁.  門票不貴, 10 人成團有折扣. 非常親切溫暖的工作人員.  門口舞台旁的石頭爺爺據說是目前濟州保存最久的雕像.  若你是歷史的愛好者, 請一定要造訪.  Located by Gate 11 (or 13) of Jeju Central Underground Shopping Center.  Inexpensive admission to visit and discounted for a group of 10 people.  Oldest Dol hareubangs in the island are reserved by the platform outside the entrance.  Staffs are friendly and willing to help tourists.  If you love history, you must visit this place.
Nice place to walk around
Admission 1500 KRW(1.2USD, 1.1 Euro). Free for Chuseok and lunar new year's holidays.There is small museum on the left from the main gate, at the end of this museum, you can take a photo with Korean government officer's clothing in Joseon dynasty(free).
Excellent--Governors Historical Admin Center
We discovered Jeju Mokgwan (the Governors historical admin center) when we drove past it then walked to it from our hotel. Of all the places we visited in Jeju City, it was our favorite. Most of the signage included English translations of how Jeju-do was run in the past. The buildings are well restored, pieces of art. Very relaxing.  There were also ancient games for children. The venue seemed to be set up mostly for locals for who this venue is free. Foreigners enter for a nominal fee.If you found this rating, beneficial, please click the helpful button.
Jeju Mokgwana
Very interesting place. Worth to visit. Very relaxing place. It is possible to Change into historic clothes And make some photos.
Beautiful place
Beautiful place known for Winter Sonata.... Went there during spring.... Love the weather and the cherry blossoms... Awesome and romantic place to spend with your loved one
Serenity
Personally I find this place to be one of the most undervalued sights in Jeju. Mokwana represents the historic administrative center in the oldest part of Jeju City. The place is not large yet has a lot to show with stories at every corner. It takes only about half an hour from the airport and it took us about an hour to get around once inside. They have nominal admission fee (~ 1.4USD) and it was worth. The only complaint is that some of the labels for exhibits were provided only in Korean.
