Temporarily closed until further notice
Good overview of Jeju history
Like most government run museums in Korea, Jeju National Museum takes up some major square yardage despite having only about half hour worth of displays.  The displays were not the most engaging but there are good explanations in English, Chinese, and Japanese which provide a good overview of Jeju history.
authentic dohareubang at the entrance
Don't miss the authentic dohareubang (also called "useokmok," "museokmok," or "beoksumeori") at the entrance - estimated to have been made around 1754 - now imitated widely everywhere on Jeju, having become an icon of the island. A collection of small hareubang in the rooftop garden, too. A pearl divers' raft and paraphernalia are also noteworthy, though more English explanations of the material would be helpful.
Informative
Admission to both main and special exhibits are free. The exhibition items and artifacts are well maintained and very informative. Easily accessible by numerous busses. A good place for children as well.
Perfect for learning about Jeju's past.
In five visits to South Korea in four years, I have not come across a museum, palace or historical building I did not like.They are all well-maintained, offer good information in English,often have multilingual guides and free tours, and are free or cheap to get in.The Jeju National Museum is no exception. Our hotel was about 4km away and we walked to and from there seeing many interesting sights on the way and eating lot of local food.I am an unabashed fan of the curating skills of the Koreans; they do a very good job.Here they provided a great overview from prehistoric to modern times, offering interesting exhibits and information.There was also a special exhibition on Canopus, a star of great significance to the people who lived here.Entry is free. There are buses from the city and taxi fares are reasonable. We like eating so we need to walk.
Nice one
Jeju National Museum - Not that big museum but a good way to understand the local culture around Jeju.
It's free. You can see the history of Jeju here.
Free entrance.Good display and exhibition.Well arranged. You can see the history of Jeju... And typical display style. Not very big...
Easily accessible
On a 3 day trip to jeju, we needed more indoor activities due to the daily snowy conditions and found Jeju National Museum. With low expectations and dampened spirits as we were expecting to visit more outdoor activities, we were pleasantly happy with our choice.This museum was easily accessible from our hotel as it was only a 28 minutes bus ride (costs us 1150krw). The bus stop just outside the museum.The museum itself is quite out of the way from the city centre, but so was all the other places we wanted to visit and therefore was not an issue for us.Highly recommend you taking your time to read and inspect each exhibit. It is quite amazing how history laid out the changes made due to advancement through discovery. Although for a quick browser, it may only take you half an hour (it took us more than 1 hour).Entry was free and I'm not sure if this is the norm, but surely worth a visit even if just as a time filler.
Go if you can
This is a funny museum in Jeju-si. It describes life in Jeju back in the day pretty well. Have a go if you've time.
Sterile... but informative
Jeju National Museum is set almost in the middle of nowhere -- well it's beside an adult theme park, but otherwise literally nowhere. Had a car so it wasn't tough to find, but would be extremely tough using public transport.The museum, and the garden that surrounds it is well, sterile... for the lack of a better term. Beautiful, but seems to lack any personality... it's quiet, laid back and perfect for a long walk... but not much action.
Do not visit till 2017
The main exhibition hall for the musuem is closed till the end of the year. They currently only have a small exhibition hall open to public
Temporarily closed until further notice
Under my expectation..
C1 ( 2016.07.12 ) I visited there for seeing about Jeju's history, but I disappointed. I've visited many museum in Korea, and this local museum was small and a few exhibits. The exterior was big size, but the exhibits was under my expectation. The staff was kind and the inside was well managed and clean.
Wonderful Visit
This is a well put together museum. It has all of the explanations in English. The museum includes an outside area as well as the inside. It covers the history of the island as well as the way of life of the islanders. There's a wildlife and fish exhibit.
Interesting Museum--Nice Outside exhibits
The Dolhareubong (grandfather rock) collection on the grounds outside the building were my favorite part of the museum.
Jeju national museum
Jeju ancent life style, ceramic art, caligraphy. Human rocks came from Mongolian style. Jeju is famous with horse riding which came from also Mongolian life style. Many hystorical events and things relate to Mongolians.
Jeju Taxi Tour KJ Mr.Yang is the best
Jeju taxi tour team is the best. Come to jeju make me want stay more in here because many place i want to go. Thank you mr. Yang for the tour. You are the best ! I really have fun here because of Mr.Yang . Thankyouuuu
Plain Jane museum
Very simple museum. I found the Haenyeo musuem more interesting, but overall this museum is good. Beautiful architecture of the museum.
Interesting overview of ancient Jeju, worth a visit
This museum is located a short distance from the city center. However, a taxi ride from our centrally located hotel only cost about 6,000 Korean won. On the day that we went to the museum, we were able to get free admittance because they had some special promotion, though I think that the admission fee is very inexpensive anyway. We enjoyed the museum very much, especially the special exhibit entitled “Choe Bu`s Diary: An Unexpected Encounter with China.” This exhibition will run from July 21 to October 4, 2015. There is also a fascinating diorama of a Jeju village.If you like history and historical artifacts, you will enjoy this museum. It’s well worth a visit.
History and Culture
When we were there they were having a special limited showing of the ancient art of making furniture, jewelry boxes etc using shells.  The displays were beautiful and it was interesting to learn how involved the process is.  The museum was nice, we went on a rainy day when we needed indoor activities.  The museum is laid out so you walk through different period of history.
