A glimpse into Jeju's past
Although the museum's location is in the middle of nowhere and from Jeju city I had to switch the buses, it was definately worth visiting. If you are interested in history and you would like to know what was happening in the island during the war, you will find the answers there. It was very interesting and heartbreaking, I am glad I found all this information in English and that I had a chance to have a glimpse into Jeju's past.
Walk through history
So much history saved at Jeju Museum of War History & Peace. As they say sometime war is necessary for the peace to follow!
A history about the jeju in the past
A museum with a past of jeju, been occupied by Japanese in the past as labour, and many more, do walk up the hill and do dare urself to go down to the underground that is been dug in the past, too bad I didn't took any pic as it is too daro inside, the guy I too pic is so good that drove my mum and myself out of the location as the cant seems to book any taxi for us, thank you so much :)
Great for history enthusiasts (and others).
I was not expecting a lot when I drove into the car park but I was very pleasantly surprised with it visit. It only cost 2,000 won entry and I spent about 1.25 hours.Firstly the guide will set up the video for you and it is pretty gruesome with the brutality of war shown. Then you walk through the exhibition area which has good information about the tunnel system and how Jeju was included in Imperial Japan's last stand at the end of the Pacific War plus weapons and memorabilia. All with English explanations. Then you walk up the hill and go into the tunnel system. When you come out you can follow the less used path and go to the top of the hill for good views.  Lastly there is a tank you can climb into just before you leave. Absolutely   recommended for all ages.
Great overview of Jeju's history
This musuem provides quite an extensive overview of Jeju's history in relation to the 4.3 incident that occured after WWII. Gives you a lot of emotion and there is also a great outside area commeorating the ones that have been lost. Recommended to go and visit this place if you are interested in culture and history!
Excellent
I lived on Jeju and took school groups 3 times and every visitor I had to learn about  the history of the island. There is a video (not recommended for children due to disturbing images and video) at the start which is in several different languages. Then the display hall (formerly a dusty collection of artifacts but now a shiny new display hall), then there is a trip through the oreum. Free guided tour too. Very interesting. Also for kids there is a tank to play in in the grounds (there used to be a plane I don't know where that's gone) and the oreum itself is well worth a climb. Great museum which is still developing. Well worth it.
Well done
We enjoyed our visit- with our favorite history nerd. Warm welcome, video turned to English just for us. Great displays-inside and outside! Really enjoyed the experience.
Disappointed..
C1 ( 2016.07.13 ) I expected this museum because history and peace was this museum's theme. And I wanted know about Jeju's sad history in detail. But there was under my expectation because the lack of exhibits and need to manage was made me dissatisfied. Need to improve in many aspect as a meaningful museum.
Informative
I came here with a friend who really wanted to see it and I am actually glad I did as you learn so much about both Jeju history and Korean history, a well thought out and informative museum.
over rated, barely worth the trip
We came to this museum based on the previous reviews and came away extremely disappointed. The displays are very average and there's really not too much to see inside the display hall. The tunnel with the dioramas (which looked to be the most interesting one) was locked while we were there. There were no signs to indicate why it was closed, or when it would re-open.The other tunnels were OK, but once you've seen one tunnel, you've seen them all - and the fairy lighting in the tunnels did seem a little out of place, considering their history. There is a lot of painful history in this area, but the museum fails to capture and relay it.It would have been better to see more of the human history alluded to in the video display in the other displays.Note that a lot of the pictures for this Trip Advisor listing may not actually be of this museum - we were quite confused trying to find it, based on these pictures and they make it seem a lot grander than it really is.Overall, wouldn't recommend and wouldn't go back.
OH-SOMENESS
i freaking love this place!! >3one of the coolest museum i've been to. would not hesitate to come again. lol
Very informative
Learn about Jeju's past of war and peace. Jeju is an incredible place and they have done a good job at keeping the history alive and known. Definitely worth a visit.
Must-See Place
Jeju Museum of War History and Peace is a must-see place, if you visit Jeju. Most tourists just hang out at the beaches, restaurants, golf courses, etc or walk on the Olle. Walking on the Olle is nice--a great pilgrimage for healing. If you really want to know about the unique history of Jeju and the Korean Peninsula, however, you must visit this museum. Although it's hard to get there by public transportation, it's worth visiting. The museum shows how Jeju Islanders were persecuted by Japanese colonialists, and then by Korean and U.S. soldiers after Korea's independence. The museum's free-guided tour takes the visitors to the harsh realities of islanders' historical suffering and the division of political ideologies between two Koreas. The highlight of this museum is its peace garden. This huge garden made me pray for peace in the Korean peninsula.
