Felt like Alice in Wonderland
I bought a ticket which included access to all 3 museum buildings for 16 000 won. The museums are within walking distance of one another. A map as well as an audio guide is available. The "abandoned" buildings gave it an eerie feel that I thoroughly enjoyed. I was surprised around every corner and turn - the whole experience felt very dreamlike. I loved it.
I have a dream
Art is the expression of an idea. Good art is a clear expression of of hopefully a strong idea. I love how both present themselves in the context of apparently underwhelming, repurposed setting. Please come, visit and give it enough time!
Liked it
Good collection of artefacts and little describing in details about the items on the display. Liked it.
do you have a dream? make it happens.
you should read the story of this museum.it comes to live cos there is a dream.it has a sharp appearance, a vibrant red exterior, in jeju when comparing with those surrounding buildings.the art pieces in the museum is nice but i do appreciate the way that the owner makes this museum as an art piece more.To renovate rather than destroy and rebuild, keeping the scratches of time and inject the modern art atmosphere into this old building.although you may think the entry free maybe a bit high but it still worth to visit.the cafe and souvenir shop at top floor also nice to stay awhile.
Impressive collection of western & Asian contemporary art
Fabulous collection of contemporary art. Interesting installations and sculptures. Worth visiting. Some important artists shown. I love that Sth Korea has really good contemporary art to view. There are also other exhibition spaces included in the ticket. Amazing really.
If you are into Contemporary and Modern Art, THIS IS A MUST-VISIT
The owner of the museum is an artist himself and one of the most important collectors in the world. I was totally taken away with many of the artworks and with the location itself(specially the Bike-Shop and the Cinema). One of my reasons for traveling South-Korea is discovering and enjoying modern art. This is the best collection I have seen in this country so far (out of around 30 museums and galleries). I was totally surprised to see this level of Art in Jeju and will definitely visit Arario in Space when I am back to Seoul.
Once it's okay
Overrated and overpriced. The show we've seen was okay but overall the place feels creepy, and the kitschy toilets are no exception.. Still, for being a little different regarding the design and the architecture, it's worth the visit once. The surrounding are is interesting, it has a retro Las Vegas-like feel to it.
Converted cinema and bikeshop
This is a contemporary art museum by the seafront in Jeju city, showcasing a private collection in a disused cinema and an old bikeshop. There are many varied exhibits from China to Germany, Korea to France.we especially liked a music and light show by French artist Pierre Huyghe (l'Expédition scintillante).Entry is W12,000 for adults and covers both buildings.
