Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Beautiful camellias
We visited there in December first week and it was crowded. There were so many different colours of camellia flowers and we could take some awesome pictures there.
Not in my top 5, but definitely a must see!
This place caught me by surprise. I didn’t really think of visiting this site, but it was a wonderful surprise. Different flowers and plants bloom year round to give you all those perfect pictures and “Kodac” moments. Well Instagram for most of you now. This place is known as the Forest of Love and Healing. You need about 1.5 hours to see everything. Plan for 2 hours if you like to stop and enjoy a coffee/tea at the many rest stops. Don’t forget your camera, phone, tripod, etc to get those awesome pictures.
Wrong Season
😅 we came at the wrong time wrong season. Nothing much to see and do. So far only 1 beautiful view to see and for picture taking. Other than that, all is pretty the same. Advise to visit during the right season. (Currently September) Ticket selling at KRW8,000 per adult. And transportation, hard to get by.
Gorgeous hydrangeas
When we came around this time there were abundant hydrangeas and a few other types of flowers. Unfortunately it can be very crowded especially where the lanes are small and everyone is fighting to take a picture there.The entrance fee is quite expensive too which os 8,000₩ for an adult. All in all, only go there if you enjoy looking at flowers.
Disappointing
Was expecting to see beautiful blossoms of camellia flowers but was disappointed as the blooms were over at that time. I believe if you come at the right time, it will be awesome. The only blooming flowers that we saw were in the greenhouses. Park is not small, so there's quite a bit of walking to visit the various parts of the park. Would recommend to check on the bloom timing before visiting the park.
Sad Looking Garden
We came with high hopes of being awed by beautiful camellia Flowers but left disappointed. There was really nothing much except the blooming flowers in the greenhouses. Maybe it was the timing of our visit but we felt cheated. Be prepared to walk a bit to visit the various parts of the park. I will not recommend this park.
Flower power
This is just heaven🌸- home to different camellia species. Find a spot and have your instagram-worthy photo taken.
Its beautiful after snowy winter..
This is one of our highlight during our travelling to Jeju island on Winter.. becoz during winter you cant enjoy much on Beach activity or Mountain Hiking.. going to camelia Hill is not a bad choice. The scenary is beautiful especially with snow on it.
Beautiful place for taking photo and relaxing
I visited here on November 2018, when blossom flower season was gone and winter hadn't came yet. Even though I missed the best scene, the weather and landscape were too beautiful. The park is not too big with many corners are designed for taking selfie. I think spending around 1-2 hours here is a good choice. I also recommend you to bring some foods and drinks, then you can sit for a while and enjoy the environment.
Beautiful in December
The brochure says that it’s beautiful all year round but some reviews have stated otherwise. I am delighted and overwhelmed by the beauty of this place when I visited in early December. The flowers were in full bloom. The route is easy to navigate and paths well-maintained. It’s the highlight of my Jeju trip.
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Dissapointed
The flowers were not blooming when we visited. I can imagine what a beautiful place the gardens would look like when the flowers are in full blossom. The walk brings you to many gardens and nursery. Like all good attractions in Korea, the optimal route is already mapped out so you just need to follow the signs.Our visit coincided with Mid Autumn Festival (or Chuseok in Korean) so the place was teeming with families, so it's less romantic.
beautiful place
we enjoyed visiting here. the flowers were beautiful and it took us like 1-2 hours of admiring and photo taking sessions. a must visit! we visited during the summer so the hydrangea was in full bloom :)
Beautiful but hard to get around
I'm sure this is a beautiful place when the flowers are in bloom, but there weren't many when we went in late July.  There were still some hydrangeas and a few other flowers around, but I think they could plant more varieties so that the park is pretty in different seasons.  The worst part, though, was the signage and map.  We got lost 3-4 times in one hour!  The map is mostly pictures without words in any language, and it's hard to tell where you are.  The only way we figured it out was that there are a couple of "you are here" signs (in Korean).  They've put up some "This way please" signs, but then there will be a fork in the road and there's not another "this way" sign.
Nice place and great for photo taking
We liked the place and very well keptWe spent a good three hours here and had snacks, coffee and icecream (twice...) All good. easy to park too
Commercial Feel Garden
We were here last week so Camellias weren't blooming - it was the time for full blooming hydrangeas. If you're a fan of hydrangeas, you must come here in June! Otherwise, the rest of the garden felt too "planned" and too Instagram friendly, they've marked the places with cheesy signs like "Love is here" or whatever crap like that. The huge cafe was lovely though. We were just overwhelmed by the number of people there, but this can't really be avoided or planned.
Camellia lover
Nice place to view all sorts of native Camellia. Entrance fee is cheap, around 5000-6000krw.It's a good place for couples basking in the sun and enjoying the flowers at the same time.
I Could Spend A Whole Day Here!
Seriously stunning display of flowers at Camellia Hill; the biggest arboretum in Asia famous for its forest path and beautiful gardens of camellias. The arboretum is home to 6,000 camellia trees of 500 different species including species that are known to produce the world’s largest and earliest blossoms. The place is drop-dead gorgeous and I would of spent a whole day adoring the different flowers if I wasn't rushing to maximise my day in Jeju.We were lucky to catch the early blooms of the Cherry Blossoms, which was a major highlight of the trip for us. Towards the end of the trail is a small shop that should desserts, coffee and souvenirs like postcards and cosmetics. I loved their postcard selection and went a little crazy on those souvenirs but no regrets. My brother enjoyed his homemade strawberry ice cream as it was packed full of flavour!
A wonderful botanical garden with its exceptional collections of camellia flowers
It's a wonderful botanical garden with many flowers and trees in natural jeju island atmosphere in Korea.Camellia flowers blooming in February are abundant throughout Camellia Hill garden. Its owner Mr. Yang has spent enormous amount time and financial resources to create, build and improve the garden as one of the best attractions in Jeju Island.  There are many stone sculptures, well maintained hiking trails, green houses, resting areas and a tea and gift shop the visitors can enjoy and take beautiful pictures.  It's located very near to Jeju Shinwha World Resort with many great hotels and restaurants.  It's a real gem place you should not miss along with Hanrim Botanical Park in Gumnung Beach area in Jeju Island.
Beautiful park
A beautiful park, there so many local tourist using this park for photo spot. The ticket price - Quite expensive. So many photo spot! Hard to find restaurant or eating place here. If you are using bus, please double check the bus time. I recommend to use taxi.
Average
Admission ticket is rather expensive in comparison to other attractions.  Not entirely sure it's worth the money specially if you travel during winter.  There will be very limited flowers to see
Learn more about animal welfare in tourism
Gorgeous flowers
A very beautiful park. I think it's quite new. Lots of spots prepared to take beautiful photos. I think there 2-3 cafes and nice snacks. Lovely place.
I can spend a week here
I don't understand when I saw that people gave poor reviews for this place. Camellia Hill for me was nothing short of magic. Even in autumn when it wasn't supposed to be the peak season, it was beautiful. You can take slow walks and just enjoy the relaxed feeling. It's made to be beautiful for every season and you can't deny it. I can imagine myself just being there, reading a book or just sipping warm tea at the cafe. It's definitely well thought of.
Name does not describe this place
Such a nice place.  I wish I was visiting Jeju island during the summer time to see all the different flower.  It was pretty in the fall so I can imagine how pretty it will be in the summer.  It's a must for Jeju.
Place of Bird Photography
We were there late at 5:30 on a cloudy day, my son insisted to explore the area and shooting birds.  He took rount 1 and came back in about 45 mins.  He said to me he heard lots of bird but only captured the photo of one Woodpecker.
Summer time
This isn't the most amazing place in the summer time. I think if you go in the fall or spring it would be amazing. They had loofas in the trees to mimic the flowers that should be there but aren't due to the seasons. It was weird.
reached here for Hydrangea
Hydrangea season so that friends chose this rainy season reach jeju. that was not good travel season as too hot & rainy always. but Camellia hill getting quite many flowers & not too crowded as jeju has many place to have this flower show. the garden big enough & well organize. good for taking picture & walk around if you love flowers
Perfect location to take pictures and walk amidst the camellia
We took many amazing pictures here against the camellia flowers. The walkways around the park were arranged nicely, so we spent a few hours here easily. Overall one of the best spots we visited in Jeju, this is a place you definitely have to include in your travel plans!
Be ready to be amazed
If you don't like flowers come to this place, if you love flowers then you need to come to this place. There are so many fantastic flowers, colors, builds, plants and a lot more there can not be described with words.
It's nice for taking lots of pictures
With all the different plants and flowers all over the park, there are plenty of photo-ops opportunity.Other than that, not much else.
Waste of time
Going all the way there and see nothing. Maybe should visit during camellia blooming season in spring. The Camellia Hill also holds Hydrangea Festival during the time of hydrangea blossom which is in summer. In October, is totally a waste of time.
