Good day out mountain walking
I flow to Jeju just to walk up this mountain.  You have to apply to the  Hallasan National Park visitor management system for the QR code admission ticket. My ticket was for the Gwaneumsa Course, time slot 5-30am - 8-00am.   I started my walk at 7-50am,  It was perfect walking weather, overcased so not too warm.  There is a 500 hiker per day limit on this route to the top, on the other easier route there is a 1000 hiker per day limit. The first few kms is easy going and you think to yourself this walk is going to be a piece of cake.  After around 4 kms you reach the first of two public toilets on the route.  From there the walk becomes a uphill slot with countless wooden steps. On the way up there is two downhill's with maybe a couple of hundred steps to walk down before walking uphill again.  After the second public W.C.  the route is a never ending series of wooden staircases until at last it flattens  out and the top of the mountain.  When I did it there was maybe a hundred or more walkers queuing to get a photo next to the summit stone.    I just gave my phone to a person and asked them to take a photo with the stone in the background. Within minutes I was on my way back down.The reason why you need a photo with you and the summit stone (even if it over your shoulder in the distance) is to claim your Certificate of climbing Mt, Hallasan. On the Gwaneumsa Course you can self print your certificate at a booth just past the QR-cord booth at the trail head  If like me you are clueless with mobile phones you can go the manned QR code booth and them to do it for you.  There have a printer in the booth and was very happy to do it for me.   It costs 1000 won (around 1 us$) Facts and figures, I am a 73 year old Englishman on an extended holiday in Korea.  Start time 7-50am, summited at 11-05am.   Started down at 11-15 and back to the trailhead at 12-55pm. Yes I do class myself as a bit of a mountain walker so these times  are maybe a little faster then average, but mountain walking is about enjoying yourselves and not about how fast you can get up and down. I took a litre of liquid, in hindsight I should have taken more and I did finish it off when I was within sight of the carpark. There is a shop across the road from the carpark.   Food, I took no food just a few sweets and a couple of chocolate bars.  So the bottom line is you have to take all the food and drink with you.  It does say that you can get drinking water at the second WC (shelter) but I could not find any so don't depend on it. Getting back to Jeju City.   There was no buses so I started walking the 8 miles back to my hotel on the seafront. Pleased to say that  I did manage to flag down a taxi after around a mile.  All in all a very enjoyable day out on the mountain.
Get there early!
Make sure you go early enough.  Koreans are extremely cautious and the trials close far earlier than necessary so we did not make it to the summit.  It is quite a nice trail and I highly recommend it.
Great day for a hike
The course does get busy during mid-day. Arrive early if you wish to make it to the summit. If you travel in the afternoon, the park does not allow further hikers to access to mountain due to safety concerns. Most of the initial hike has wooden or stone steps to assist all hiker levels.
Hiking
The routes to the top can be hard one route with lots of steps up is very steep most of the way. Both routes are uneven and it does take 5/6 hours to do. Make sure you carry water.
Heart of Jeju
The course I went to is Seongpanak course. This place is the most comfortable of the various courses. And many beautiful scenery unfolds, which varies from season to season. The course here is good enough to climb, even if you are young or older. You can climb the mountain very flat, just over the slightly steep staircase course in the middle. You can think of the round-trip time for about four hours.
Highest point in Korea
To make sure hikers are able to return to base before sundown, you have to enter the trail no later than noon and must reach the final section of the approach by 12:30.  Gwaneumsa trail was about 8.7 km long taking about five hours at a leisurely pace.  Most of the hike was in a shaded area which would make it comfortable even during summer.   The first 3 kilometers were just a stroll with nicely laid out boardwalks for some stretches.  There are railings parallel to the trails in case an injured person needs to be transported from higher elevation, which made it extra reassuring for me.  Although steep, it was still a relatively easy hike and I made it through the last section without much problems.  From about 1600 m above and onwards, the trails were covered in ice and snow which slowed me down a bit as I didn’t even think about carrying crampons in late March.  As I got a late start the summit area was a little crowded with hikers having lunch or taking breaks.  Luckily, the Baekrokdam peak is a crater and there was a relatively wide area for people to sit around at the summit.  Unlike the Baekdusan Cheonji Lake, Baekrokdam is devoid of any water except a small patch of water that looks like a small puddle from the top.  While not particularly scenic, it is nice to stand at the highest point in the country.  Because of the strong winds, I didn’t stay long and started to head down the less steep Seongpanak Trail which was about 9.7 km to the parking lot.  Few kilometers from the summit was easy with boardwalk paths and steps.  There was a three kilometer stretch of snow covered trails that made the descent quite stressful though.  Once the snow covered area was cleared, it was a long but relatively flat walk rest of the way which my knees were thankful for.  The entire round trip took about nine hours total without much rest.  Having crampons would have shaved at least an hour off of that time.
Breathtaking view of Jeju
Hiked up from Yeongsil trail. The trail is amazing and full of surprises. The trail starts out as a forested path then opens up to a breathtaking and liberating view of the surrounding. Can see as far as Seowipo city in the south of Jeju. The hike up is long and can be challenging for elderly visitors. There are sufficient rest areas along the way. Cater around 4 to 5 hrs for a return trip.
Gwaneumsa Hike
The hike is definitely not an easy hike. Some very steep slopes and sloshy like snow at the top can make it a little slippery. However definitely worth the view at the top. To note: - You need to get to the checkpoint before midday in winter. Otherwise you'll be turned around and can't reach the summit- You have to reserve a hiking spot for the day. This is all done online and you simply bring the QR code to the gates at the front and pass on through. - Bring lots of water and snacks as there is a shelter at the checkpoint which is indoors and warm, perfect for warming up and getting some energy. - Bring gloves for the summit as it is extremely cold up there due to windchill.
I will never forget you Mt. Halla!
There are 5 trails, we took the shortest but most challenging one since we started after lunch. Steep but scenic view. 3 hrs going up (with several rests in between) and took us 2 hours going down. I almost gave up but it is rewarding once you reach the top and can touch the clouds! ❤
Awesome Mount Hallasan
Not to be missed when in Jeju...... Gorgeous greenery. Go in winter... All white with snow. The mist blowing thru the Pagoda looking tourist information cum observation deck looks very surreal and mystical.
Good day out mountain walking
I flow to Jeju just to walk up this mountain.  You have to apply to the  Hallasan National Park visitor management system for the QR code admission ticket. My ticket was for the Gwaneumsa Course, time slot 5-30am - 8-00am.   I started my walk at 7-50am,  It was perfect walking weather, overcased so not too warm.  There is a 500 hiker per day limit on this route to the top, on the other easier route there is a 1000 hiker per day limit. The first few kms is easy going and you think to yourself this walk is going to be a piece of cake.  After around 4 kms you reach the first of two public toilets on the route.  From there the walk becomes a uphill slot with countless wooden steps. On the way up there is two downhill's with maybe a couple of hundred steps to walk down before walking uphill again.  After the second public W.C.  the route is a never ending series of wooden staircases until at last it flattens  out and the top of the mountain.  When I did it there was maybe a hundred or more walkers queuing to get a photo next to the summit stone.    I just gave my phone to a person and asked them to take a photo with the stone in the background. Within minutes I was on my way back down.The reason why you need a photo with you and the summit stone (even if it over your shoulder in the distance) is to claim your Certificate of climbing Mt, Hallasan. On the Gwaneumsa Course you can self print your certificate at a booth just past the QR-cord booth at the trail head  If like me you are clueless with mobile phones you can go the manned QR code booth and them to do it for you.  There have a printer in the booth and was very happy to do it for me.   It costs 1000 won (around 1 us$) Facts and figures, I am a 73 year old Englishman on an extended holiday in Korea.  Start time 7-50am, summited at 11-05am.   Started down at 11-15 and back to the trailhead at 12-55pm. Yes I do class myself as a bit of a mountain walker so these times  are maybe a little faster then average, but mountain walking is about enjoying yourselves and not about how fast you can get up and down. I took a litre of liquid, in hindsight I should have taken more and I did finish it off when I was within sight of the carpark. There is a shop across the road from the carpark.   Food, I took no food just a few sweets and a couple of chocolate bars.  So the bottom line is you have to take all the food and drink with you.  It does say that you can get drinking water at the second WC (shelter) but I could not find any so don't depend on it. Getting back to Jeju City.   There was no buses so I started walking the 8 miles back to my hotel on the seafront. Pleased to say that  I did manage to flag down a taxi after around a mile.  All in all a very enjoyable day out on the mountain.
Get there early!
Make sure you go early enough.  Koreans are extremely cautious and the trials close far earlier than necessary so we did not make it to the summit.  It is quite a nice trail and I highly recommend it.
Great day for a hike
The course does get busy during mid-day. Arrive early if you wish to make it to the summit. If you travel in the afternoon, the park does not allow further hikers to access to mountain due to safety concerns. Most of the initial hike has wooden or stone steps to assist all hiker levels.
Hiking
The routes to the top can be hard one route with lots of steps up is very steep most of the way. Both routes are uneven and it does take 5/6 hours to do. Make sure you carry water.
Heart of Jeju
The course I went to is Seongpanak course. This place is the most comfortable of the various courses. And many beautiful scenery unfolds, which varies from season to season. The course here is good enough to climb, even if you are young or older. You can climb the mountain very flat, just over the slightly steep staircase course in the middle. You can think of the round-trip time for about four hours.
Highest point in Korea
To make sure hikers are able to return to base before sundown, you have to enter the trail no later than noon and must reach the final section of the approach by 12:30.  Gwaneumsa trail was about 8.7 km long taking about five hours at a leisurely pace.  Most of the hike was in a shaded area which would make it comfortable even during summer.   The first 3 kilometers were just a stroll with nicely laid out boardwalks for some stretches.  There are railings parallel to the trails in case an injured person needs to be transported from higher elevation, which made it extra reassuring for me.  Although steep, it was still a relatively easy hike and I made it through the last section without much problems.  From about 1600 m above and onwards, the trails were covered in ice and snow which slowed me down a bit as I didn’t even think about carrying crampons in late March.  As I got a late start the summit area was a little crowded with hikers having lunch or taking breaks.  Luckily, the Baekrokdam peak is a crater and there was a relatively wide area for people to sit around at the summit.  Unlike the Baekdusan Cheonji Lake, Baekrokdam is devoid of any water except a small patch of water that looks like a small puddle from the top.  While not particularly scenic, it is nice to stand at the highest point in the country.  Because of the strong winds, I didn’t stay long and started to head down the less steep Seongpanak Trail which was about 9.7 km to the parking lot.  Few kilometers from the summit was easy with boardwalk paths and steps.  There was a three kilometer stretch of snow covered trails that made the descent quite stressful though.  Once the snow covered area was cleared, it was a long but relatively flat walk rest of the way which my knees were thankful for.  The entire round trip took about nine hours total without much rest.  Having crampons would have shaved at least an hour off of that time.
Breathtaking view of Jeju
Hiked up from Yeongsil trail. The trail is amazing and full of surprises. The trail starts out as a forested path then opens up to a breathtaking and liberating view of the surrounding. Can see as far as Seowipo city in the south of Jeju. The hike up is long and can be challenging for elderly visitors. There are sufficient rest areas along the way. Cater around 4 to 5 hrs for a return trip.
Gwaneumsa Hike
The hike is definitely not an easy hike. Some very steep slopes and sloshy like snow at the top can make it a little slippery. However definitely worth the view at the top. To note: - You need to get to the checkpoint before midday in winter. Otherwise you'll be turned around and can't reach the summit- You have to reserve a hiking spot for the day. This is all done online and you simply bring the QR code to the gates at the front and pass on through. - Bring lots of water and snacks as there is a shelter at the checkpoint which is indoors and warm, perfect for warming up and getting some energy. - Bring gloves for the summit as it is extremely cold up there due to windchill.
I will never forget you Mt. Halla!
There are 5 trails, we took the shortest but most challenging one since we started after lunch. Steep but scenic view. 3 hrs going up (with several rests in between) and took us 2 hours going down. I almost gave up but it is rewarding once you reach the top and can touch the clouds! ❤
Awesome Mount Hallasan
Not to be missed when in Jeju...... Gorgeous greenery. Go in winter... All white with snow. The mist blowing thru the Pagoda looking tourist information cum observation deck looks very surreal and mystical.
Hiking
I go hallasan on the dated 4 January 2020It's my first visit to hallasan. I reach there at 7.10 am too much visitor there .it have 3 parts to reach top of hallasan you must reach 12pm on 2nd part of trail if you want to go on top . After 12 pm you can't go on top.
Challenging but worth it
We arrived 城板岳出口at 7:30am. Most koreans(including child and elderly) walked much faster than us at uphills. At the entrance, to the spring, no need wear ice claw. But after the spring, ice claw is so essential since you need to walk on ice. Make sure you pass the control point before 12. We arrived at the summit by 12:40 pm. We did not stay too long and moved at around 1:15pm( summit control point ended by 1:30pm). The road downhills is much easier than uphills. Yet it is quite tiring at the entrance trails. We finished the walk by 5pm. Take a photo at the summit so you can get a UNESCO cert!
Awesome View
First of all, this place is huge.Formed through volcanic activity which resulted in 46 'small volcanoes' in the park itself. From what i saw, they ain't 'small'!There are a few entrances and trails. I took the Eulrimok Trail. It was pretty easy as compared to other mountains i hiked. First third, about 2.4km is quite difficult. Lots of stones and steps. Then it gradually became easier. The view is definitely awesome the moment you clear the forest area.There is a reststop at about 5km. Be sure to bring your own food. There is no cafe or shop there. The locals actually even cooked their own ramyeon by bringing them and hot water too. Some used the army-styled ration. There are no trash cans. You have to bring your trash back.You can take a public bus to this trail (gotta walk in opposite the bus stop. A good almoat 2km gentle upslope).Only bus 240 brings hikers here. You might want to check.Reminder, it is super cold in winter.
I thought I died and was in Heaven
Decided to hike Hallasan via the Eorimok trail. Went there early in the morning and it was cold. Almost decided not to hike but started seeing people going into. It was a steep hike and nothing prepared me for what I was about to see. Here are some of the photos I took...Oh yeah I made it to the top of Eorimok trail.
Great hike - Gwaneumsa trail. Check which trail is open beforehand!
I loved my hike in Hallasan. We were a couple and we decided to take the 'most challenging trial' - Gwaneumsa trail (8.7 km).  There are four Hallasan trails on and around the mountain, but only two of these trails will take you all the way up to the volcano’s crater lip – the Gwaneneumsa trail is one of these, the Seongpanak trail is the other one. It is important that you check beforehand which trial is open, because it depends on the weather forecast. In my case all the 4 trials were partially open which meant that the crater lip was not accessible unfortunately. There is a website you  check (in Korean) or you can simply do what I did and ask the staff at the reception of the hotel. Each trials is easily accessible by bus, however the buses are not that frequent - for example 1 every hour for the Gwaneneumsa train, so you might need a bit of planning. Our trail was accesible for 6 out of the 8.7 km and took us to the first shelter (1500m elevation) the hike took us.6 hours back/forth including a quick lunch break; the pace wasn't that high but we weren't that slow either. If you want to access the crater lip, one think that you need to bear in mind is that you need to make it to the first shelter by 12-13 depending on the season (November was 12.00pm).Another thing to remember is that there is no convenience store or food vendor available during the hike, so you want to pack some food (kimbap is a good option) and water. As the hike itself, I really enjoyed it, you will feel immerse in the nature and you will enjoy a nice variety of vegetation depending on the altitude.
Tired
Sorry no pix as forgotten to take. Don’t go there when weather is wet. It makes the hike a challenge. Didn’t make it up. Turned around half the way because it’s quite steep and slippery.
Great hiking experience!
Up & down of the mountain took us 9.5 hours including some short rest time during the hike. We started the hike around 9am (recommend to start early, we were late), and came down around 6:30pm. Our legs were like jelly legs after the hike, but is worth the hike. You can see nice view along the journey. Please do not forget to greet everyone you met with "anyeonghaseyo", they are all very friendly people. Wear a pair of good hiking shoes, bring some snacks with you and also water. The stalls along the mountain are closed during our hike, luckily we have prepared enough snacks and water. The view at the peak is breathless. A lots of old korean aunties and uncles also managed to reach the peak, so I guess we all younger than them have no excuses of not fit to hike, right? haha...Wear sport attire, although some said it will be freezing cold at the peak (about 1950 meters height), but believe me, you wont feel cold as you have already all sweat during the hike. We spent about 30mins to 1 hour at the peak taking photos, resting and having our snacks before going down again. A pair of good hiking shoes is important so that you won't get blister on your feet. We will go back again in different season if we have the chance. We were travelling there in Oct 2018.
Hallasan fall leaves
We went to Hallasan NP in early November by ourselves.  It’s quite easy to take the bus to the park.  Just make sure you know which stop to get off as there are several entrances.  We decided to hike the shortest trail (1.3km).  It begins at the Hallasan National Park Visitor Centre and finishes atop Eoseungtaeng Oreum, with sweeping views of the Jeju plains and the peak of Hallasan.  The leaves are very beautiful along the trail.  With our age, being seniors, and photo stops, it took us one hour to get up to the top.  Definitely it worths the hike!
Winter Wonderland
Our visit was postponed for a day but it was worth the wait. There was a heavy snowstorm a couple of days prior and the roads to Hallasan National Park were closed. When access to the park was restored, a beautiful blanket of snow was awaiting.It was my first experience of snow and I loved it. I came from a tropical country (where the coldest temperature ever recorded was at 6 degrees Celsius) so experiencing snow is a surreal experience. Although we did not climb any trail to the summit, experiencing snow even just outside the Visitor Center was fun and pleasurable. The Jeju Snow Festival for 2018-2019 did not include the Visitor Center at Hallasan National Park, however, unlike the previous year so there were no attractions set up in the area.Because of this, I am going back to South Korea this coming December for another winter wonderland experience and to try out skiing.
I’d never forget this
An UNESCO Biosphere Reserve and a World Heritage Site, the Hallasan National Park is loaded with walking trails and is home to South Korea’s highest mountain named the Shield Volcano Hallasan. You’ll find about 1800 different kinds of plants and a number of alpine animals along the way up. The park is a unique place for nature lovers. Settled right in the heart of Jeju island, this park with high density woods and blooming hillsides is concidered as a treat to be at. Transportation: start with chosing a right trail for you. There many different ways up to the mountain, but only one of them will bring you to the summit. To get to the entrance you’d probably need to take one of the public busses or rent a car. Both options are convenient. Equipment: You’d definitely need to be prepared for a long and tiring walk. All the trails are devided into segments, based on their difficulty. Some of the parts of the trail would be paved, some wouldn’t be equipped at all. You’d be grateful for those parts where you’d be able to walk and step on the wooden bridges and paths. But except those short and the easiest parts of the way, you’d need to climb on the steep and narrow rocks, hop along cobblestones and boulders. Timing: don’t rush, remember when you’re on the top, that was only a half of your journey. There is the same long way down the mountain when you’re on the summit. Tips: be prepared for considerable change of the temperature and other weather conditions. We started in a pleasant sunny day and finished when it was drizzling and the fog was literally embracing us. Add up some wind and decreased temperature and you’re almost in our shoes out there. You’d definetely need to wear tracking boots or something alike, protecting and supporting your feet well. Otherwise you  risk hurting your ankles and knees. (as us, cause we were not prepared)You’d also want to change your clothes after 6-7 hours tracking up and down this mountain. Believe me you’ll be sweating af.
A Jeju Must Go
If there is only one thing I can do during my travel in Jeju, it would be hiking at the Hallasan National Park. There were just 2 trails (Seongpanak & Gwaneumsa, where Seongpanak was easier) which can reach the top of the mountain, where you can see the Baengnokdam. You can even get a certificate (which costs only KRW1000) of climbing the Hallasan if you show the staff at the tourist centre your picture with Baengnokdam.
Trek n hike
A difficult one if you choose to do the longest one which takes 4.5 hrs up and 4 hrs down.We went up  the  Eorimok trail which took us 2 n half hours up..its not an easy trak with steps and rocky path but the track has been laid with a lot of effort.In autumn the trees start to turn their colours .We came down the yeongsil trail which took us one hour to come down with spectac views..its an easier way to climb down than to climb up the yongsil trail.Bus 240 goes and come back at both stops with the entrance name as the stop names.But while from Eiromok entrance it's just a 10 mins walk up to the start of the trail.....its 45 mins walk to walk to the yeongsil entrance bus stop to the start of the trail.There are no tkts entrance for the hikes,but if you have rented a car then there is a parking fees.Carry some food to eat and energy bars and water n juice.
Great nature walk
We took one walk here. Vertical rise of about 200m through nature. A couple of hours of hiking & stopping to view the plants & birds. Great view of the crater from the top. Worth the trek. Carry lots of water if it hot!
Refreshing
There are several trials to explore and because of time limitation, have chosen the shortest one and the hike of 2.5 hours is rewarding. Air is fresh and can image the autumn maple leaves will be wonderful.
Enjoyed the hike and the views that came with it
I took the eorimok trail which took about 2.5 hours to get to the top with the rest rooms, the first part of the trek is hard work and quite strenuous. After reaching the top I took the yeongsil trail back down which had some of the most stunning views along the way. As I came by bus the walk down from the yeongsil trail to the yeongsil ticket office where the bus stop is located takes another 40minuts or so depending on the pace. I Would highly recommend visiting this area and trying the trails.
Great hike
Took the longest trail to Mount Hallasan peak (Seongpanak Trail) - 9.6 km - but started a bit late and did not make the cut-off time at the Jindalrae shelter (7km). However it was a great walk and I visited the Saraoream peak on a side tril on the way back.  This was well worth it as there is great view and also a beautiful crater lake.  It is key that you start early and take enough water with you.  Also need good shoes. Although it was August - most of the trail is in the forest - so not so hot.
nice hiking experience
choose to get up by soegpanak trail and down by another trail， Gwaneumsa, which much more harder and shorter. Manage to complete the hiking for 7 hours
The highest mountain in South Korea.
I took bus 281 from Jeju Intercity Bus Terminal at 6.24am and get off at Seongpanak stop. Start hiking at 7.30am. It took me about 4 hours to reach the top. It was hot at top. I brought 1 liter of water and some buns and it was okay for me.I walked down the Gwaneumsa Trail. It took another 4 hours. If you want to go back to Jeju Intercity bus terminal take bus 475 from Gwaneumsa to Shancheondan Altar and switch to bus 281 to the Jeju Intercity bus Terminal.Every bus fare is 1,200 won.
Not for the weakhearted
I decided to hike the Yeongsil trail to Mount Hallasan, since it was the shortest of all the trails. It was estimated to take roughly 2 hours and that it did. I gotta say this hike is one of the more vigorous hikes I have done and requires a very good pair of hiking shoes! The views as you ascend only get better and put you in awe. Once you reach the top there is a rest area with toilets and an area to rest. I suggest for those that plan to do this bring a snack and drink so you can enjoy the views once you get to the top.
Prep yourself well if you decided to take the trail to the summit
Took the Seonpanak trail, one of the 2 only trails that will lead to the summit. It is a longer route compared to the other but was supposely less challenging. Well, still a very tough hike to me. Much of the path and climbs are big rocks so good hiking shoes and walking stick will be very helpful. No water along the way though one sign mentioned there is one, which was WRONG and not updated. My son believed in that signboard and finsihed his water way before half into the hike. Big mistake!Not much to see along the way, except if you take a detour to view sara oreum. Took about 3.5hrs to reach Jindalrae office/ shelter (which is 1500m high) and after much thought, decided to turn back due to lack of drinking water.Descending is much tougher for me and took longer time. Deers and boars were spotted.Do go early so that you do not have to park too far from the park entrance as the carpark gets filled up fast and you will need to park along the roadside. Go during weekdays if possible to avoid the crowds.Take note there is time limit to reach Jindalrae so that you can continue to the summit.
Such an achievement!
Scaled the heights of Hallasan ! Took the Seongpanak trail and us a good 8-9 hours both ways. The trail started with easy ( which I personally do not think is really so), normal, then difficult pathways. Stamina is important, perserverance is a must! The toughest is the rocky incline just before the summit.There are ropes to aid the climbing, and they are just so needed! View is stunning way up the trail. At summit, every hikers were just simply waiting to take pics with the "rock". Felt totally drained and seriously exhausted when finally reached the base, but it is all so worth it! An astounding acheivement to remember for life :)
A Must Visit Place in Jeju
Good driving views.  You will be blown away. Should visit this place in the morning before 9am to avoid the crowd especially during weekend. There are so many trails.  Please ensure you know which trail you are taking as the mountain is so huge.  Must wear proper trekking clothes and shoes. If you are driving, please ensure you go down the same way as you climb up or else, you need to get a cab to bring you back to your car. Bring water, snacks and plastic bag to throw your rubbish. You must bring down your rubbish with you.
Excellent trail
If you visit Jeju island, you should go for a trail in Hallasan mountain. I did the Eorimok-Nambyeokbungijeom trail from Eorimok visitor center. Approx. 6 hours two ways hiking - 14 km.
Many trails; interesting national park
We came by using GPS to guide us to the National Park. We entered the part called the Healing Forest. Interesting plants on healing the body. Several small huts/cabins are available for those who may like to stay in the forest for healing and relaxation. Do go into the forest for a real feel of the national park. Entrance is free.
Rocky mountain
I decided to go with Seongnapak trail, and was planning to go up to the summit!Rocky and stony path made me really exhausted, I managed my breath okay and left the last 1.5km as my keens!You will be accompanied by many people along the trail! It’s highly recommended to start early, I arrived by 8am, reached the shelter around 11:00am!Weather was mild as you’ll be covered by trees most of the time!
Fantastic and easy to do by public transport
Beautiful hike, I went up the Seongpanak trail and down Gwaneumsa. Hardly anyone around on the way down, was nice and peaceful. Contrary to what some info says online there is a public bus to/from Gwaneumsa during the week - the 475. The column in red of the picture below are the times to depart on this bus from the trail car park.
Eoseungsaengak Trail, shortest trail
We hiked up the mountain with our kids age 6 & 8. This is the shortest trail in Hallasan National Park (Infor: 1.3 km / 30 min each way/ only 1 trail, you won't get lost). The trail is rather easy to hike and shady all the way to the peak. The path is either with wooden staircase or laid with rubber mat on slippery path. Along the way, you can hear birds chirping. The 360 scenery view at the peak is breathtaking.
Up by Eorimok, down by Yongsil
As per suggestion of our taxi driver, we decided to climb up along the Eorimok trail as according to him, it was the easier of the two. The first 2km was upwards slope of big rocks stairs so it was a little tiring but after that, the course was breezy. Took us about 2h to the top. The day we went was super windy so it was really really cold and everyone took cover in the shelter at the top, but if the weather permits, you can sit outside and enjoy the view. The climb down by Yongsil trail was really beautiful and it's a very different kind of view than Eorimok. We understood why the driver said Eorimok was easier to climb up as Yongsil had more rocks that would have been a little difficult. I'm not an avid climber but both trails were doable and the views were worth it.
Not difficult hike
The parking is 1000w. Don’t stop right after the entrance keep driving or you’ll end up walking very far. The trail is well marked no chance of getting lost. I got there about 0900 and it wasn’t busy. When I was heading back to the entrance at 1200 it was getting very crowded. The “peak” wasn’t much of a peak. It was a flat staging area with the rock slab marking the elevation. There is a trail that leads off left of the seating area and one behind the rock slab. I followed it about 1 hour before I decided to turn back. I wasn’t sure where the path led and my car was at one end. Beautiful but easy hike. Little to no shade to wear sunscreen or hats.
Pleasant hike up gwaneumsa trail
We hiked up the gwaneumsa trail (shorter, steeper but more scenic route). Really glad we chose this route as there was far less people and the views were spectacular.We arrived to the trail head at 7am and paid the 1800 krw fee for parking. The trail head is clearly marked and there's a nice washroom that you can use before beginning the trek. The trail is well marked (there's no way you can get lost) and also well maintained.You reach the first rest stop around 3km into the hike. There's a very smelly washroom there (there's a better one at the next rest stop). You must reach the last rest stop by a certain time or else you won't be able to proceed. The time posted today was 1300 although it looked like the only barrier was a small chain that you could walk around so I'm not sure how enforced that rule actually is. After the final rest stop the trail goes downhill a bit then the steepest climb begins. The stairs don't seem to end for the last 2.7km!! The views are spectacular though. Once we reached the top there was so many people! Where did they all come from? The seonpanak trail. So glad we chose this trail instead.In the end it took us 4.5 to climb to the top of hallasan (with many rest/photo/food breaks) and another 3.5 hours to descend. I had 2L of water although I only drank about 1L. There were many bugs but I didn't seem to get any bites. There doesn't seem to be any dangerous animals out there although there are signs warning about boars.
Beautiful landscape and a great hike
My wife and I hiked up Hallasan in early May 2019 and, while the hike was more challenging than we expected, we enjoyed our day on the mountain!
Yeongsil and eurimok trail
The Yeongsil trail is beautiful. But wouldn't suggest eurimok. Very rocky and didn't see much. Apparently there were supposed to be flowers blooming. It was also very hard coming down.. Better to stick to Yeongsil going up and down. We went up Yeongsil and came down eurimok and took taxi back to Yeongsil pick up the car.
great climb beautful few
most important points1 start your climb early. as you must reach a certain point before noon and must start the decent by 14:30.2 take a bout 3-4 leters of water per person as there is no place to fill or buy anywhere on the climb (locals take tangerines as they are filled with liquid and sugars)we started at  the road 1131  entrance at about 08:30 and reached the midpoint at about 11:30 and then the top at 14:00large parts of the route are wood walks and steps but others are more difficult.when you reach the top make sure to take a picture of the tree with writing as proof so you can get a certificate when you reach the bottom (1000 WON)Enjoy your climb
Nothing's quite as memorable as hiking Hallasan in an 18 day Trip to Korea
As the title says, hiking Hallasan gives a sense of accomplishment and something to look back fondly upon. I remember reading a fellow TripAdvisor review on how she did not believe she would be able to complete the hike but she eventually did it at the expense of not being able to walk the next day.Here's my advice:- Climbing Hallasan in the winter period would have a better scenery in my opinion. Trekking during the Apr period, the barren trees across the landscape didn't look too impressive. However, looking at Hallasan pictures in winter looked amazing so that's my take on what season to climb.- Climbing gear is recommended like walking sticks for example, they would definitely be useful especially in winter or the day after heavy rain as the ground would be slip-prone.- Remember to get enough water as some have complained about the lack of water refilling stations. We had brought 3 x 2L bottles for 3 people and they were sufficient without any refill. Take note the trail with the water refills will be slightly longer than the trail without. - Best to trek early as there is a cutoff timing to reach a certain place at the trail (12.30 Korea time) - It was quite warm trekking in Apr, just prepare a jacket alongside for the peak- Buy some snacks and food for the peak and the rest stops on the way up. Buying gimbap would be a good idea, don't buy too much though for they may end up being a burden. Also, you will see some of the Koreans pack hot water and cup noodles up to enjoy so that's an option as well.As you trek, you will see plenty of Korean elderly hiking alongside you. If they can do it, you can too. (PS, we took 9.5 hours)
The Tallest Mountain in South Korea
It’s our 2nd time in Jeju Island so we decided to do it. We took a bus to Seongpanak and started our hike there. It took us 5 hrs to the peak. It’s not an easy hike at all. Wear comfortable shoes, hiking shoes or sneakers with very good soles. The trail is full of rocks. This will definitely hurt your feet. Don’t wear jeans. Wear something more comfortable. Also bring as much water as you can. In the map, it says there is a Water Station  but they are gone now. You have to be by the second shelter at 12:30 or else they wont allow you to go to the summit. Everybody must descend by 2pm.Going down we took the Gwaneumsa Trail which is shorter but more difficult trail. However, I would recommend this trail cause it’s more scenic. It took us another 5 hrs.
Nice View
The view from the top is amazing. It was end of winter season, I love the view when snow melting. the weather was cold but the view was so amzing. I rent taxi to go to this place.
Challenging But Satisfying Hike
We did the Yeongsil trail hike in early April as one of our must do activities in Jeju.  Weather was perfect on the day of our hike. It took us about 5 hours (2 ways) at a leisurely pace to complete the hike. We enjoyed the lovely scenery along the way.  Most parts of the trail have proper steps but some parts are rocky and the steps are uneven.  It is helpful to use hiking sticks for the hike. We drove to the starting point of the trail and started the hike at about 11am. If you are driving, do not park at the car park after the car park payment kiosk.  You need to drive another 2 km up the slope to reach the starting point of Yeongsil trail.  Although the hike was challenging but we felt a sense of accomplishment after completing the hike.
Wonderful Day Hike
For people who love nature and the great outdoors especially hiking, this day trip up the highest mountain in South Korea is not to be missed if you are in Jeju. It took us 10 hours  ( 5 hrs up, 1 hr at summit and 4 hrs down ). Trails and directions are very clearly marked. Best tip I can give is to go up via Gwaneumsa and back down via Seongpanak. But dress in layers. When we were up there end March, it was a beautiful spring day ( temp about 15C ) but 2 days later, it was about 8C and very windy in the city ( so you can imagine the conditions at the summit if we had climbed later ). A tiring day but no regrets whatsoever.
Challenging and beautiful adventure
Our family of five climbed Hallasan on the day before Christmas to celebrate our 20th wedding anniversary.  This trail is definitely the most challenging one we have ever attempted as a family.  My husband carried our three year-old daughter 90% of the way in a toddler backpack.  Our boys (11 and 14) are great hikers; I would not recommend attempting this with young children unless they can be carried.  The trail system is well maintained, signs are plentiful and communicate exactly where you are and how far you have to go.  In the winter it's best to start before dawn so that you can get to the top of the mountain before the time limit.  The trail is crowded with hikers.
Beauty on its own
Hired a car ans drove to Hallasan National park. Did not have time to hike so just enjoy the lovely scenary with a nice weather.
Must see and experience the walks..
Today I hired a car and drove to Hallasan National Park. Only 1000 won to enter and park.Plenty of clean toilets. An excellent Visitor center who gave me an informative map. I did not have time to do Eorimok Trail today but will do tomorrow.I climbed the Eoseungsaengak Trail which is only 1.3km and has wooden steps all the way up so no problem with any fitness level.30 minutes up to the top. Great 360 deg.view of the surrounding mountains and a small Japanese bunker to see too. Friendly Jackdoor birds wanting a scrap of food..
Gorgeous view and Not too difficult to climb Mt Hallasan
Went there without much training as I envisage that winter time is more pleasant to climb. We reached the base around 7.30am as we try to take the first bus. As we envisage there are snow, I have a pair of crampons bought before arriving in Jeju. Fortunately I did as the crampon sold at the shop is rather expensive. Then it was a relax 2 hours climb, I did not want to rush, but took time to appreciate the environments and snow. The crampons came in useful as you climb further up, it gets slippery. Good to have walking sticks too. At about the 1000+ meter stop, there is shop where you could buys hot noodles and drinks. I bought another set of crampons there as it is reasonable compared to the shop at the base of the mountain.After a short rest, the final climb to the top. Here there is a series of steps and staircase that leads to the top. At some point it was rather steep so have to climb up slowly, catching my breaths as the higher altitude and cold tends to slow you down. There is a timing to get down from the mountain per regulations, hence the need to get to the top early to enjoy the view and triumph. Finally reaching the top, was rewarded with a gorgeous scenery. It was kind of crowded and there was a queue of climbers taking turns to take picture with the summit monument.  After taking lots of pictures, hiking down was relatively easily, reaching the base in half the time. Took the bus back to town to enjoy a beer and fried chickens. A trip not to be missed.
Beautiful views from different sides
The mountain is beautiful viewed from any side. We started with the 1100m stop early one morning, there was a light dusting of snow from the previous night so the place really pretty. We spent a short time here, about 20 minutes as the fog started to appear. We then drove to the other sides, nice scenic drive.
Highest mountain, but easiest in S. Korea
Did a solo hike in the hot summer of July, and wasn't disappointed.It was a long, easy hike up with some steep steps near the end of the hike. 10KM up and down, in total 20KMThere are some stops along the way, especially the 'base camp' where you can purchase ramen to eat.There are no railings or ropes to hold on to a few metres close to the peak, so this would be harder to do on a winter's day.Was kinda sad that the peak was shrouded by a large cloud, but nonetheless satisfied with the easy hike.Public transport starts as early as 6AM, so if you drive and want to end early, it would be better.
Hallasan Very good place
Very Nice place also very cold and we have a lot experience at this place..it is the 1st time i n my family go to the best place at jeju
The lucky one
The day before we visit Mt Hallasan, it rained. Therefore, we had the chance to hike with snow. Very important to have proper gadgets as slipped a few times on the way down....
A beautiful mountain
Awesome view.I went to hike from Eorimok.i went there by taxi because the bus from Jeju city to Eorimok only operate on weekend Saturday and Sunday.Due to the winter season and I do not wear specific hiking gear, i only hike halfway.Want to hike Hallasan again next time.
One of the best hiking of my life!!
I kindly suggest this trail!!! We started the hiking from Gwaneumsa Temple, probably the most challenging trail. The entire trail is organized and you can't choose the wrong street. It is not impossible to reach the top of the mountain but it is better to start early because after 1-2 pm they close the top of the mountain. We started at 8.30 and we reached the top in about 5 hours. Climbing down was more difficult due to the pain of knee and leg muscle but the environment and the mountain were wonderful. I have the dream to repeat the hiking again in another season, possibly easter or summer.
I Think I can...
This magnificent, iconic destination is well worth the struggle to the top. I'm seriously unfit and overweight but I took it slowly and made it. We saw deer grazing as we returned and it was a peaceful and serene experience
Something to do just once - just to see if you can
Climbed Mount Halla as part of a group tour. It was definitely a challenging climb as I would not call myself fit. I did get to the top though and that was after 3 and a half hours of climbing. It's easier at the bottom and tougher towards the top because of the various flights of stairs. Also something to note is that it's very cold on top and requires layers, as well as proper hiking shoes. The view for me wasn't the best but having been able to push my body that far was a reward in itself. People brought food and had picnics at the summit. It was more difficult coming back down as your're moving on uneven ground for long periods of time. Overall glad I did it
Hiking up and down Eorimok trail
We had a lovely half hour drive from Jeju city to the trail head of the Eorimok trail. As we neared the mountain, the temperatures dropped and more and more snow could be seen. Roads were clear though and no snow chains were needed.We reached the carpark around 8 am and it was mostly empty (less than 10 cars). It cost us a 1000 won to enter the carpark. The entrance to the Eorimok trail can easily be found by the signage around the carpark.The trail started off easily then there were the stairs. The hardened snow made it harder than it was to climb up and down those stairs. Do remember to wear crampons if you are planning the climb when there’s snow because we only had on our hiking boots and it would have definitely been easier with the crampons.We took a rest and a toilet break at the Witsaeoreum shelter. Do bring your own food and drink as there are no food and water sold at the shelter. There are also no dustbins there so whatever trash you have must be brought back with you.Enjoy the walk and take in all the scenery and fresh air while you’re there and have a great time!
Great view with caring and helpful park management
Suffering from Avascular Necrosis bilateral hip, hiking up the mountain was not only a challenge but also proof of the fact that with perseverance, one can overcome any obstacles... Would recommend people with disabilities to try hiking up Yeongsil trail (thanks to a lovely couple who took us up from the ticket office to the Yeongsil entrance) for the breathtaking views and to hike down Eorimok Trail which is easier with not so much beautiful views...as when we came down it was 6pm, there was no bus and we were stuck.. thanks to Hyun Seung, a caring park management personnel, we were able to head back to our hotel with ease. Hyun Seung not only called for us a taxi, he even waited in the cold with us for our taxi so that we wouldn’t miss it. Overall, our experience at Hallasan was amazing and complete thanks to Hyun Seung!
Great Experience
Visited Hallasan during Autumn season and the weather was chilly. Best to bring an extra layer of clothing to wear esp when you’re at the top. Did the climb at 9ish in the morning and managed to reach the shelter before the cutoff time at 1230pm (if my memory didn’t fail me). Took about another 2 hours or so before we reached the peak. The trail we took was pretty gentle in the beginning but it was filled with loads of steps at the end. We were rewarded with a great view at the top so the pain of going up & down was definitely worth it. Gotta do it at least once when you’re in Jeju!
First time hiking in snow
We visited Hallasan National Park in mid December. We ascended via Gwaneumsa trail (8.7km) up to the peak and descended via the Seongpanak trail (9.6km). Gwaneumsa is shorter but more challenging on the way up, it is easier on the knees. We started at 07:30hr, which is the sunrise time. The initial hike was relatively flat, walking on uneven big rocks. There were signs throughout the trail, indicating where you are, distance and estimated time to the peak. Snow started to appear midway and we had to put on crampons on our boots. We took about 3 hours to reach the shelter and another 1 hour 45 minutes to reach the peak. Unfortunately, the weather was cloudy at the peak with low visibility. It was very windy and cold. We joined the queue to have photos taken at the iconic landmark.We started our descent at 12:45hr, arrived at the shelter at 15:15hr, had a short break before descending the remaining 4.1km. We took about 4 hours for the entire descent, exhausted by then.This is the first time my friend and I hiked in snow during winter. We took longer than expected as we were extra careful and also took many photos. Overall, it was a great first time experience hiking on snow.Tips for winter hiking:1. Start as early as possible so that you are not pressured to reach the shelter before 1200hr.2. Wear comfortable shoes, preferably water resistant or waterproof.3. Be extra careful when stepping on the big rocks during the initial trail. They are uneven and may twist your ankles. 4. Crampons are necessary, while trekking poles are optional.5. Wear layers of clothing so that you can add/remove when necessary.6. Wear beanie hat and neck covering to protect your ears/neck from the cold, especially at the peak.7. Bring your own food, snacks and water/energy drink. There are no food stalls nor toilet at the peak.8.Toilet facilities are only available at the shelters, hence relief yourself before proceeding.Hope you enjoyed the hike.
Trekking but need crampons during winter
For those who enjoyed being with the nature, this is definitely one of must visit place.You get to see snow at the TOP of the Mountain during winter.However we only managed to climb up to 1.100m and stopped as we did not have crampons else it will be very slippery.
Worth a visit!
UNESCO site . Lovely walks with various trails. Make sure you read up on various trails to decide which trail would suit you best in terms of the amount of time you have and level of difficulty.
Rental Boots in Hallasan Mountain
Please help....Is there a rental boots/shoes intended for hiking near Hallasan Mountain or Jeju City? Thank you for those who can comment on this...
Yeongsil Trail Hike
Easy access by bus 240 from Jeju Intercity bus station (about 45mins). Beautiful wet walk of about 4 hours, fairly tough Hike for us city dwellers as we were not equipped for the hike. Missed the bus stop on our way back and walk 20 mins in the wrong direction. A helpful bus driver stop to give us free lift to the correct bus stop so that we could catch the correct bus back to Jeju. Will be back during Spring or Summer next time to do the other trails.
Hallason
This is one of the best places to go for hiking in Jeju is land. This is a Unesco world heritage site and leads to the volcano and heighest mountain in Korea
Beautiful and superb steps!
Well, the place is really amazing! I took the Yeongsil trail as it was said to be an easy trail but I was a bit surprise to see steep steps. Hahah but believe me when I say that the place is amazing! You'll never regret it. The people were amazing too!
Tiring Climb up the peak
182meter tall and a tiring climb for some,  but the view from the top makes it worth all the calories burnt to get there.. A must go venue!
Breathtaking place
Very very nice scenery. Crisp clean air. With the wind blowing on your face, it can be chilling at some time. A good Instagram able place. 😊
Beautiful in the Winter with snow
There are several ways of hiking this national park.  I went on the Eorimok trail during the winter so hiking boots with crampons are necessary, but I only had hiking boots so I didn't go the top of any peak, but it was still beautiful with all the snow.
Autumn trek
This review will be written from the point of view of a middle aged woman of average fitness, not someone for whom a 20 km trek is a walk in the park.Mount Hallasan is the highest peak in South Korea and if you are on Jeju island it's definitely worth visiting. We took the Seongpanak trail, a scenic , easy route which reaches the summit. Plan on one day for the trek up and down. Here are some tips:1. It goes like this - You take a bus or taxi to the Seongpanak trail, and start climbing. It's a mix of  some steps and an easy trail. After a while you reach the first stop - I forget the name - where you can use  the restroom. There's a small shelter where we had our packed sandwiches. After this, the trail becomes a little steeper, and you reach the next stage - the jindeballat rest stop.( Times by which you must reach the Jindeballat stop and when you must start your descent are posted on the trail). There are restrooms here - but inspie of information to the contrary , there was no food for sale. After this the climb becomes a little tricky , and you need around 2 hours to reach the summit . The views are amazing from the summit. The Koreans hiking the mountain were not only super fit, they were the sweetest people I've met. When I became tired near the summit, so many encouraged me with words like "Fighting!" "Turn around and see how far you have come."Tips :1. Wear good hiking shoes - at points , the trail is slippery, and good shoes with ankle support are helpful.2. Carry a stick. You can get your own hiking stick or buy one from the store at the bottom.3. Carry plenty of water and snacks.4. Take a selfie at the summit and you can get a certificate at the bottom stating you have completed the climb ( costs 1000 won)5. You do need a certain degree of cardiovascular fitness to make the climb comfortably. But apart from that, the uneven  rocks and boulders are a little tough to climb, so make sure you do some core and lower body exercises too. 6. If you climb down slowly, it gets a little dark by the time you reach the base. Carry a head lamp.
Totally recommended! Beautiful views
We visited Hallasan National Park in mid-November. We did the Gwanwum-sa trail up to Hallasan peak and went down the Seongpanak trail. Although Gwaneum-sa is more challenging on the way up, we totally recommend this route as Seongpanak is way more transited. The trees' autumn colours were beautiful and although at the top it was below 0 degress and misty (making it hard to see the volcano cone and lake), it was an amazing experience. Would definetely repeat!
Cool Nice View
Should drive up early to enjoy the sunrise and if possible stay for the sunset. Breath breaking View of the Jeju island.
It's not pleasant to walk this trail
The whole trip up and down including breaks took us 8 hours.  19.2 km (to and back) at 1200 meters elevation.  Most of the trail is covered with volcanic rocks, big and small so it's not so easy to walk.  Lots of steps which is not typical in Europe or the Rockies.  It was cloudy the day we hiked up.  At the peak it was windy, cold and foggy so we couldn't really see much and didn't want to stay longer.  I have done many trails in other parts of the world and this is not one I would want to do again.
Must have in Jeju!
We took the Gwaneumsa trail up to the peak. There is a checkpoint halfway, after 2-2,5 hrs. of hike. The trail gets harder after the checkpoint, but it's also nicer with bridges and very steep stairs. If it's possible, go after rain, because then you can see a small pond in the crater of the volcano. I would recommend to take the Gwaenumsa trail up, because it offers a nice view. To get down, we took Seongpanak trail. The whole tour took us around 8 hours, with a lot of rests and photo-time. :)
Manicured Mountain
Wondered how we would with a Korean map, but no need to worry. The path is crystal clear, bounded by rope all the way, and very clearly signed. Much of the path is either wooden planked or hessian carpeted (I jest not !). Starting at 750m it’s a tough 1200m to the top, but a mainlybgentle ascent over 9.6km. The last 150m is a little tougher, but the views of the volcanic basin when you get there make it all worthwhile. Much of the climb amongst trees, and very popular with the locals so busy even on an early Monday start. We took 7 hours including half an hour at the top, very stiff calves this morning...
Awesome hike and a lot of challenges
I and my boyfriend traveled here by public bus. We visited the place at the end of October not really December but I did a very late review. It was very easy to get to the place by public buses. The bus stop right in front of the entrance and crossing the street the take the return bus. I researched the bus number, it was wrong. So I asked the bus ticket woman for help and she was really helpful.It was a very challenging hike. Be prepared with a lot of water bottles with you and really exercises before the hike. The trail we took was Seongpanak trail, which is the easiest one. It was early of the fall season. Leaves started turning into different colors, chilling, not so cold, sunny and very enjoyable.We just finished 1500m of height and ate a noodle in a shelter. Then, we turned back (blaming non-stop walking in the previous days :D) and took a quick turn in a shortstop in Saraoseum (beautiful lake, nice view of the mountain).Overall, really enjoy it! Will try it again one day.P/S: it is a natural place so not clean bathroom. A very natural way of toiletry but I really don't like it but can't blame!!
WINTER HIKING - MOUNT HALLASAN
fascinating  view from bottom until top. but we went on saturday, pack with local hikers. the path is quite easy. about 18km back and forth using seongpanak trail. on the way back we tag along with the person incharge/worker of mt. hallasan, and being offered to use the little train to the way down. best of all, there is no entrence fee charge to hike the  national park.
Awesome Hike - Especially Seongpanak trail
We hiked up the Seongpanak  trail in Early September. From Seogwipo City, it is quite remote and we took a long taxi ride to get there. The wy up was beautiful, rising through the forest, befor emerging into stunning views up the peak, trails along gorges and n awesome suspension bridge. Trail was populated but not too busy, the peak was busy but the view was spectacular - you could see clear out to sea on both sides of the island. We took the shallower and busier gwaneumsa trail down, this was a less exciting walk, but has shops and bus stops at the trail head. This is definitely a must do hike if you are able to manage it.
More challenging than they let on!
First of all ensure you hike on a non rain day.  We were worried all week because it was raining.  We got a non rain day but cloudy. When got pass 1 km up it was beautiful sunny weather.Know there are 6 trails and they start in different places and not all go to the top. We took the Eorimok Trail (Northwest). It was one of the shortest. We didn't do good research and started too late to do a longer trail.I'm moderately fit. The trail was steep! I was definitely challenged for the first 2km. It was balance of even and uneven ground. Anyone can make it up but it might take you a bit longer if you were unfit. There isn't a drone restrictions and was able to take some great video. Bring water and food.  There are places near the top to grab instant noodles and water. There is no washroom on the way up.  Bring some tissue and wet wipes just in case.Although we didnt get to go to the summit, it is a must do while visiting. Jeju.
Passing by, bye bye...
With limited time to spare, our taxi manage to meander through the winding roads, but ww were a little disappointed that autumn leaves were scant; so all we saw were a hand full of trees in red and orange hues. I guess we were too eager for autumn. Perhaps another time.
Seongpanak to Summit
I do a fair amount of hiking in the Green Mountains of Vermont, and I found Seongpanak trail to the summit of Mount Hallasan to be enchanting and beautiful! Though the hike may be challenging for folks with knee problems, it is a very well maintained trail (though long) that is worth the effort.Start your day out early and bring plenty of water!
Stunning
Went in the autumn and was absolutely worth it. I took Gwaneumsa trail up (a bit boring) and Seongpanak trail down (spectacular). Leave early - I went at 6am as summit closes around 11 - 12 depending on the season.
Beautiful Nature
Visited in October to see beautiful autumn colors revealing itself. I recommend to start early morning if you want to hike to the summit.  The cut off time for the summit can be anytime between 11am to 1pm depending on the season. There are 4 different trails around Hallasan Park - Gwaneumsa and Seongpanak takes you to the top. As Gwaneumsa is a bit boring I recommend to take it when you go up. Then go down Seongpanak, which is very pretty and one you do not need to rush when going down it will give you a chance to enjoy the views. The other trails are Eorimok, Yeongsil that are pretty but don't go all the way up (take them if you are going to be late and can't make the summit anyway). I wanted to try Donnaeko, but it was closed at the time of my visit. Overall great experience, not dofficult hike (unless it's winter) and beautiful views.
yeongsil to Eorimik
We went on a cloudy day and the driver drove us all the way to the entrance at Yeongsil.  Having a hot afternoon the day before, we thought it would be warmer thN the day before as we Han to walk uphill. The driver saw us in our thin layer, offered me a rain and wind breaker and a pair of gloves. I reluctantly accepted them out of courtesy but later genuinely thanked him after four hours.On a windy and cloudy October morning, the temperature actually dropped as we ascended. Two hours later it got even much colder with strong gusts, as we approached near to split of the main road to either continue uphil to the top, or to go downhill to the other parking lot. I had to use my gloves and another layer there. My husband regretted not bring his hat on a cloudy day to protect his cold ears (anyway later I found his nose sunburnt even on a cloudy day)We used our walking sticks and wore our hiking shoes, which I found very helpful. We saw some people who really had difficulty completing the loop.  I suggest tourists first decide whether you physically can complete the four hour trip (adults) to the other parking lot. If not, better discuss with your driver (if using one) to meet in the starting point, or decide where to park your car, if not taking the bus.Pack your bag reasonably and don't take any unnecessary items. Some snacks are helpful though as there are no snack bar at all. I suggest also try to bring your garbage downhill as I don't think there will be regular cleaner everyday up/downhill for hours'hike.
Brilliant!
We walked up Yeongsil and down Eriomok. Would definitely recommend getting a taxi right up to the start of the trail if you want to start walking straight away. As other mentioned, it is a long, winding up hill 2.5 km walk from the bus stop. It cost us 30,000 won in a taxi from the other side of Seogwipo. The walk up was beautiful and the rest area with bathrooms at the top was  a surprise. We brought all our own food and drinks and didn’t see anywhere selling, which we enjoyed at the top. The walk down was equally lovely although the hard bit lasted longer so we were glad we did it on the way down. A short 10 minute walk from the base of Erimok are the bus stop going to Jeju City or Seogwipo. All in all it was a lovely hike and we thoroughly enjoyed it. Took us about 6 hours including numerous stops here and there and a 30 minute lunch break.
Yeongsil going up, Eorimok going down
A relatively easy hike going up Yeongsil trail (lots of climbing). Note that if you're taking the bus, you still need to do a pre-hike of 2.5km going up the mountain after you get off the bus stop. In my opinion, this was harder than the actual hike going up, but it was good preparation. There's also a cafe near the actual entrance. You can buy food here right before going up the trail.The cutoff time for Yeongsil trail is 2pm during the summer, but I would advise you to come early. The hike itself can be done in 1.5 hours, but with picture-taking, it can take as long as 3 hours (and the view at the top is gorgeous in many places!).Wear good hiking shoes. I've seen people wear regular sneakers (and even a guy with leather shoes -- what was he thinking?!), but I swear your feet will hurt if your shoe even manages to survive. Both Yeongsil and Eorimok trails have unpaved trails with unforgiving rocks. Hiking sticks would also help with the descent if you have weak knees.It's safe to hike solo (even for females) during popular days, so you're sure to hike with other people. It's also best to go down where most people are going if you started late (most people drive, so they go down the same trail they went up).In case of emergencies though, you can call their emergency number. (There's mobile coverage for most, if not all, of the trail). Take note of the location posts every few hundred meters. In case you get injured, there's this small train which can take you down, but you have to wait quite a while.
Long walk
We end up at the wrong trail and did not have the time to complete it. Choose the right trail for your budgeted time. Weather is pleasant enough in late Sep but the trail requires proper hiking shoes if you don't want to hurt your knees and avoid sprain.
Great
Great!! It was a really fantastic climbing for me! It takes so much time and makes you tired but it is great enough!
Eoseungsaegak Trail (1.3km / 30mins)
The shortest trail from Eorimok Visitor Centre @ Mt Hallasan. Not that steep trail but can be challenging for those that lack of daily exercise. But the view is superb great and beautiful. Valley and the formation of cloud @ 12 pm are beyond words.
Hikes up Seongpanak Trail
Oh man... What can I say... It was a difficult hike. We went up 7.5km to the Sara Oreum crater (not even all the way up) and this took 2 hours 15 mins with lots of short breaks in between. The way down was even more difficult than the way up as the rocks were slippery (it rained the night before and on the hike up). Took us two hours to hike down without any breaks in between.The visit Jeju website said "gentle, sloping trail".... It was definitely not a gentle sloping trail. The trail was full of large rocks and it was a difficult hike. My advise is to get two hiking sticks if you are new to hiking.If you're from Malaysia, none of our mountains can rival Hallasan, maybe except Mount Kinabalu.
A long route
Long long route indeed ! Best is to go via one route and come down via another. Scenery could be a bit monotonous but at the end being surrounded by nature is always more rewarding. Ensure to be on the checkpoint by 1pm else one can be very close yet so far to the summit - since you won't be allowed to climb up the remaining 2.5 kms of stretch. If its a brighter day, view is what makes the climb worthwhile.. if its not, aaah bummer, bummer... !
Loved it - good trails and lovely view
My husband and I climb Mt Hallasan today. Though my feet are sore, i thoroughly enjoyed my hike. The trail was really well marked and in good condition (Both Seongpanak and Gwaneumsa Trail). We entered via Seongpanak Trail (9.6km gradual inclination - trail was a mix of wooden steps and rocks). It was fairly easy till Jindallaebat Shelter, and then it gets tougher but doable. We started at 8am and reached the summit at 12 pm (we’re not athletic and not super fit). We then descended via Gwaneumsa Trail (8.6km) at 1 pm and arrived at the trail head at 5.30pm. Gwaneumsa is more scenic as many blogs have mentioned so am glad we descended using this trail but Seongpanak trail is easier and is nice as well.Useful info:We took the public bus from Jeju-si city and back. Journey was about an hour one way and we found our way fairly easy with the Naver Map app. The public bus from Gwaneumsa trail entrance only runs on weekends I believe. Bring snacks, lunch and water for your climb. A windbreaker is advisable if you come from the tropics like me.Good shoes are recommended as you’ll be walking on rocks a lot of the time. Bring a raincoat too as there aren’t many shelters.Start early, you have to arrive Jindallaebat Shelter by 1230hrs (you cannot proceed after that) and you must begin your descend by 1430hrs.
Hallasan Mountain
Hallasan Mountain - Liked going here on the weekdays as well as on the weekends. Very beautiful memories.
personal achievement
its my first mountain hike, its a straightforward trail but tricky with rocky stone paths at some incline parts. not recommend for those with weak knees and ankles or just go slow n wear ur ankle guards. go up seongpanak (easier as more gradual)and down gwaneumsa (alot of steps, steeper) but gwaneumsa has valley view, creek view and there’s a tiny cave opening near the base with blast out icy wind even in summer.. pretty cool. there’s a bus to and from seongpanak and take taxi from gwaneunsa or prearranged pickup as there’s hardly a bus there.its a total of 9 hrs including rest stops though i rested longer at the peak and pressed on at rest stops. do pace yourself.. calves been killing me midway down the descent. needless to say its a painful walk for the next couple of days.. i slathered all the muscle aches cream..
Absolutely worth the effort!
This is quite a climb in places and in winter time will need crampons, but it will reward you with amazing views on a clear day and even in cloudy weather is really worth the trek. Choose your route by the least fit member of your group and remember to take food and especially water with you.There is a cut off point which you need to reach by 13:00 if you are going right to the top, so that means an early start.
Nice hike!
Great hike in cool weather. There are alternative hilltops you can go up to, if you don't have time to do a full hike up the main slopes - ask your driver!
A must go in Jeju
The wonder of nature in Jeju!Take note that there are a few visitor centers around Hallasan National Park.  Decide the trail you want to hike before heading to the visitor center.Info extract from VisitKorea website:Hiking Course - Seongpanak Trail: Seongpanak → Dongneung Peak9.6 km / 4 hrs 30 mins each way- Eorimok Trail:Eorimok → Nambyeok Bungijeom 6.8 km / 3 hrs each way- Eoseungsaengak Trail: Eorimok → Eoseungsangak Peak1.3 km / 30 min each way- Yeongsil Trail: Yeongsil - Nambyeok Bungijeom5.8 km / 2 hrs 30 mins each way- Gwaneumsa Trail:Gwaneumsa Temple - Dongneung Peak8.7 km / 5 hrs each way
Quite hard but AMAZING!!
Our favourite activity on Jeju Island! Pretty limited view from the top due to clouds but great experience hiking up and down the mountain. We started at 7:30AM up Seongpanak trail (181 Bus until trail entrance from Jeju City 3,000 won pP) and arrived at the top of the mountain three hours later (with very short stops at the breaking points).We then went down Gwaneumsa trail which took about three and half hours (felt a bit steeper) but definitely more picturesque! At the bottom there is the 475 bus (not frequent, ca. hourly but you can kill time at the nearby temple or little supermarket). The bus gets you to Jeju National University (1,200 Won pP) and from there you can take other local busses like the 365 (also 1,200 Won pP) which get you into the city centre. Most important:- Bring lots of water (we had 2 Liters each and easily finished it before the end), some people had no water or hardly any and where really struggling! No shops on the trail!- sun screen and a hat (although ca. 2/3 of the trail was covered by trees)- take enough food because you will burn energy! (Remember to take all your trash back with you as there are no bins/cans anywhere on the mountain).- good hiking footwear because you are often skipping from stone to stone- there are cut of points on both trails ca 2km (guess) before the top which you have to pass before 13:00 in August (so don’t start your hike too late). We saw some hikers that had to run in the lunch time heat to still pass the cut off point.Hope this helps!! Enjoy!!
Nice hiking
We are short of time so we picked the shortest Eoseungsaengak trail (1 hour return). The view is nice & the hike is easy.
Awesome nature!
I don't have the exact words to describe the beauty of Hallasan National Park. Loved exploring the jungle.
Gwaneumsa trail
I was planning on going up gwaneumsa and coming down seongpanak but seongpanak is closed until 31st Jul, 18 so I came down the the same. It took me about 3.5 hr to climb up, and 3 hrs to come down. Together with my lunch breaks, I finished the entire round trip in a little over 7 hours. Unfortunately, it was  really misty when I was at the summit, so, i didn't get to see the crater lake. I highly recommend bringing a pair of trekking poles and good hiking shoes.
Yeongsil Trail
Our stamina is not so good so it took us 5 hours round trip for Yeongsil Trail up to Witsae Oreum Shelter and back. There was no Ramen available at the shelter so if you plan to go, better bring lunch box, you will be tired and eat a lot anyway. There are plenty of hikers from old people to children so you wont get lost, even if you want. Yeongsil trail has 4 parts of itFirst part is wooden steps, you will pass some creeks and a lot of shade / trees.Second part is the most strenous part. Lots of rocks and steep climbs , so watch your step. There are some observation deck for you to take photos and rest. And more wooden steps with crazy inclination. After you pass the big rocks crossing,(third part) it will be open area with no shade and this has the best view. And the most leisure part because its flat with almost no inclination. There is water fountain where you can fill up your drink for free. Walk 10-15 minutes from the water fountain and you will reach Witsae Oreum Shelter. Tips : Use sunscreen all over your body, even if its windy and cold at the beginning of the trail, when it reach the open area with no shade, the sun ray will hit you so hard. Wear hat. My scalp got sunburnt. Even better go with long sleeve and long pants. Go very very early like 7 am because the parking lot will be full later.
Seongpanak trail closing
The Seongpanak trail that goes to the summit is curentlyclose, until July 31st. I went all the way to the start of Seongpanak  trail and had to take 2 buses to go Gwaneumsa trail.The hike was nice but difficult. The first part was nice, 3,1km of normal hiking, until we reached the hard part, very steep, with stairs and rock. The climb fromSamgakbong shelter to the summit was not too hard, but a bit warm because of the sun. It as very humid, so be sure to pack a lot of waterand food as there are no vendors on the trail. It easy to reachthe trail by bus, but we took a taxi back to our hotel as we were too tired. A very good exercice and a good hike. I would doit again! ;)
Good walks and nice views
We did the Yeongsil track which is 11,5km (5,7km up and 5,7km down) in total. there were about more than 3,500 stairs to go up only. The views were pretty nice. WEAR SUNSCREEN AND A HAT!!
Be prepared for 4 seasons even in summer
I hiked for 14 hours (amateur hiker) because I'm slow and also have not been doing any exercise for years... It was raining and windy quarterway through. Then it was sunny on the hike back. Since it was misty at the peak, so I didn't see the lake. Go prepared with water and food. Two bottles of water to last you to the top. When you come down, refill water at portable water spot. When I said food, like actual kimbap, bento or even cup noodles. In fact, bring all three. If one of the guy I bumped into did not give me his kimbap, I'd have starved for sure cause all I brought was three bananas and protein bar. Some people even offered me mini chocolate bars and tangerines. Bring isotonic drink if you want to. Bring Hiking stick(s) if you're uncoordinated like me. Bring windbreaker for sure and make sure it's waterproof. Get a good hiking shoes tha can grip because I slipped a lot on the way down. Because of my lack of preparation, I've suffered for sure coupled with my lack of exercise lol. So really, go prepared. And if you're like me with determination, and don't mind 14 hours hike, please go early like 5am. Though they do have transportation to bring you down should you really need it. I just missed it...
Getting close to nature and a volcano
Located in the middle of the Jeju island, it's a very beautiful and well managed National Park. Unfortunately, we were too late for hiking to the Hallasan and back. We decided to hike to the top of a directly opposite and much lower peak. It was easier and we were almost alone on the whole trail as well as at the peak. In the end, we had a nice picknick at the tourist and information center. If you really want to hike to the Hallasan itself, arrive and start as early as possible, be prepared with enough water, some food/snacks and other important hiking utensils.
Great view, worth the hike!
Our family hiked up with the Yeongsil trail. We parked the car, started from 1280m above sea level and did around 400m more. The trail was well managed and the hike just kept going uphill, you go through endless stairs. The view got better and there was a rest station where you can get food like cup noodles. We didn't reach the top because the path was not available when we went, definitely check out the availability of the trails before you head to any. Overall, good experience and am definitely recommending this.
Amazing day, even without a view
Sadly the day that we had reserved for Hallasan was very foggy. Nevertheless it was amazing walk. We went up the Seongpanak Trail, which was a steady easy elevation the whole way - can only recommend to those of you who are in doubt of your stamina like we were :) On the way down, we chose the Gwaneumsa Trail. That was rather difficult as it is stairs the whole way (app. 8km). My runners knee started acting up, my boyfriends weak ankle was calling for attention... Lets just say that this trail was really exhausting for the joins! At the parking lot, we got a taxi back to Seongpanak, where we parked our rental car for 17k. All in all, it was challenging, but definitely worth it! (we were impressed about how clean and untouched the nature was)
Exhausting trip to the Top
I hiked to the top today.  I had decided not to do this but at breakfast this morning a gal from Korea highly suggested I go, so I did. I took the Seongpanak trail up and back. I got there a little after 10 and was told that it was a bit late to make it to the top so I went out very quickly so I would make it to the Check station by 1 PM. If you get there after that time they won’t let you up to the top. I made it and got to the top. At 2:30 they make everyone come down. I came down slowly and at the end I was all by myself walking those trails as it got darker. I didn’t get down until about 7 PM. Because I was in such a hurry to get up it took me much more time to come down than it did to go up. As I was walking down a deer jumped right in front of me And then jumped away. I brought two bottles of water and lunch. That was perfect for me. There are restrooms on the way up but not at the top. They are outhouses. I do not have hiking shoes with me, just my slip on sketchers, so my feet are still sore from walking on those lava rocks with these shoes. This is also the reason it took me so long to get down, my feet were really sore At that point and I had to rest them during the descent. There is a Monorail track next to the trail. Today I saw them taking down some people who couldn’t make it down on that.
Depends on wheather and physical fitness
It takes whole day here since morning to finish the track. Its for prople who have enough physical strength. Those who are not strong enough will be suffer and thus not enjoy this place. It was also little raining when we were there. So better go to other Jeju Island tourist attraction.
Challenging 18+km hike up to Summit and down
We did the hike up the Summit via the 8.7km Gwaneumsa Trail and down via the 9.6km Seongpanak Trail. Though parts of the Trail are marked deceptively yellow and green ("easy"), we couldn't feel our legs for 3 days thereafter. Very rocky/uneven terrain at most parts of the Trail - challenging without the aid of hiking poles. Good hiking boots is a definite must. Please note there is a specific cut-off time at each Trail checkpoint (which may differ depending on season) and also a specific cut-off time to descend from the Summit. Hence, it is recommended to start as early as possible. We started at 8am and completed around 7.30pm (which was getting really dark by then). Though tiring, the hike is still the highlight of our Jeju trip and memorable for many reasons. The feeling of walking above the clouds (at 1,950m) and having accomplished such a challenging hike is priceless.
Bring SO MUCH WATER
We went up the Gwaneumsa Trail and down Seongpanak and thought it was a great route. Seongpanak has much better views that are easier to see while walking down, otherwise your back is facing the beauty on the way up. Both trails are majority rock. Meaning, nearly the entire hike is trying to find rocks to climb up/down. There are some wood paths, bridges, and stairs, but mostly rock which is hard on the arches of your feet. I used regular Adidas sneakers which worked, however the bottom of my feet began to ache on the way down. On the way up Gwaneumsa, we couldn't refill our water at all, then at the top - NOTHING! It wasn't until 2 km down Seongpanak (6 hours after we began the hike) that there was free water access. Nothing was sold on this hike, even though I read about ramen and drinks being sold. I was DYING for water. Bring tons!!! At Gwaneumsa there is a store to purchase beverages and 2 servings of gimbap for 3,000 won, as well as walking sticks for 20,000. I didn't use one but many did and it seemed to help balancing on all the rocks. I began the hike at 7:00am and was down by 3:45 - this included a half an hour break at the top and 2 min stop at each base camp (there were about 4 or so on each route.) I'm not an experienced hiker at all and really doubted my ability to do this, but it IS manageable! Today I can't walk but it was totally worth it.PS - for those interested, drones are NOT allowed to be flown at the top however there was absolutely no indication of this in English anywhere.
BRING TONS OF WATER
We went up the Gwaneumsa Trail and down Seongpanak and thought it was a great route. Seongpanak has much better views that are easier to see while walking down, otherwise your back is facing the beauty on the way up. Both trails are majority rock. Meaning, nearly the entire hike is trying to find rocks to climb up/down. There are some wood paths, bridges, and stairs, but mostly rock which is hard on the arches of your feet. I used regular Adidas sneakers which worked, however the bottom of my feet began to ache on the way down. On the way up Gwaneumsa, we couldn't refill our water at all, then at the top - NOTHING! It wasn't until 2 km down Seongpanak (6 hours after we began the hike) that there was free water access. Nothing was sold on this hike, even though I read about ramen and drinks being sold. I was DYING for water. Bring tons!!! At Gwaneumsa there is a store to purchase beverages and 2 servings of gimbap for 3,000 won, as well as walking sticks for 20,000. I didn't use one but many did and it seemed to help balancing on all the rocks. I began the hike at 7:00am and was down by 3:45 - this included a half an hour break at the top and 2 min stop at each base camp (there were about 4 or so on each route.) I'm not an experienced hiker at all and really doubted my ability to do this, but it IS manageable! Today I can't walk but it was totally worth it.PS - for those interested, drones are NOT allowed to be flown at the top however there was absolutely no indication of this in English anywhere.
Insane hike but worth it
Tips & things to take note:- Bring LOTS of water. On average 2litres per pax.- Bring sufficient food - basically breakfast,lunch,dinner.- Got to reach the checkpoint by 1pm to be allowed to attempt summit- Got to start descent from summit by 2.30pm- Gets cold and windy at the peak so bring a windbreaker.- You have to carry your own trash down. No bins on the mountain at all.We took 11hours and took the Seongpanak trail up and Gwaneumsa trail down. Seongpanak is easiest as its gentler but its the longest trail. Gwaneumsa is much more scenic. We were beginner hikers and hence probably took longer. The tourist  centre told us it would take ~9hrs. Spotted a deer on our way down on the Gwaneumsa trail. It was pretty scary though, we walked for 1hr+ without spotting a single human. (probably cause we were slow)My legs ached for 4 days straight but I have no regrets. My knees and ankles were insanely sore by the end of the hike. If you've even the slightest knee/leg issues, please think THRICE before you attempt Hallasan.Also, toilets are only available at the bottom (before the hike) and at the checkpoint. The toilets are GROSS. I couldn't do it no matter how hard I tried. Toilet was damp and stinky and lots of flies. No water system & its a squat system for ladies. Basically peeing into a hole filled with other people's waste. Saw another lady peeing in the woods instead...Also, all the announcements are in Korean, though signboards are in English.Aim to start hiking by 7am-8am. Any later, you may not reach checkpoint/summit in time unless you have a good enough stamina.Hiking sticks and shoes would help tremedously. Though we did it with regular sneakers. LOTS OF BUGS. Bring insect repellent though again, we didn't have one.Overall, its worth it and wouldn't do it again but have no regrets.
Wetland reserve
Went to the 1100m point where the wetland reserve is. Didn’t occur to me that wetland exists on mountain top. A round trip takes about 20mins and was quite scenic. It was foggy when we were there, which adds to the ambience. Our guide pointed out some of the edible leaves and tree sap. Very interesting stopover on the way to the south.
nice
nice place for hiking but must start as early as possible. it's about 1950 metres high. no more entry to the national park after 2.30pm
amazing view
Check the weather forecast, it was raining and very foggy mid way up the mountain, we went back another day after the sky cleared. Prepare warmer outer wear as it get very cold.
Back to nature
This is a great place for to hike especially if you have been binge eating in Jeju. You can burn some fats and take pretty photos at the peak. Recommend you take the 1 hour trail for amateurs.
breathtaking (literally)
we were definitely not prepared for this - in terms of experience and equipment!started off at about 9am on the Eorimok route. the entrance was a 10 min walk from the bus stop. then, it was off on the hike!initially the trail was straightforward. then it gradually went into a steep ascent. the path was quite rocky and unstable. but there were sufficient rest stops along the way. also people going in the same and opposite direction to you so you will not be alone (unless you hike in the middle of the night)there were also multiple signboards along the route providing interesting facts about Hallasan and also maps showing your current location and remaining distances to go to the next point.there was almost a natural portable water point where you can refill your bottles. remember to stay hydrated throughout and take breaks when needed.needless to say, the views along the route were truly breathtaking but the higher elevation you reach, the colder it becomes. also, the winds were very strong!we reached the Witseoreum shelter at about 12pm and had lunch there. The locals actually brought hot water in their thermos flasks and had cup ramen there!after lunch, we started our descent on the Yeongsil trail and reached the entrance of Yeongsil at about 2pm and there was a 2km walk out of the entrance to the bus stop.by then our legs were aching and heavy, but we pushed on. overall the hike took about 5 hrs.in summary, we should have worn more proper hiking footwear, wear thicker clothing (as higher you go, the colder it gets) and more food and snacks!we decided we will come back to attempt the summit next time.
Gwanmeusan Trail
Hiked to the top of Hallasan yesterday morning through the Gwanmeusan Trail - started at about 7:10am and were back in our car at 2:30pm - so this start and finish time includes breaks, and you'll need them even if you are in okay or good shape. It was a bit disappointing to see the majority of water bodies in the mountain are dry at the moment - just a few ponds on the early parts of the trail, and the crater lake at the summit, which we expected would be much deeper. The trail has a combination of dirt, rocks, and steps/bridges. I wish the steps and parts of the trail didn't include so many sharp rocks - your feet WILL feel them! We did the hike in running shoes because we don't have hiking boots here. I can see the climb being a lot easier with hiking shoes. Some parts of the trail are very steep so if you have serious knee problems, I don't think this is the trail for you. Do bring lots of water and snacks - we had two liters of water for each of us and I still think my husband got dehydrated rather badly. There is really nothing to eat on the trails so bring snacks. Visibility yesterday wasn't great - pollution has been pretty high in Jeju the past couple of days - but it's still a GREAT, BEAUTIFUL view from the top. I loved all the flowers you see growing in the rocky sides of the mountain in the last third of the trail. Very happy I did it and it's a great hike, but there is not a lot to see before you get to the top. We went down the same trail, so a total of 17.4kms. It'd be interesting to see what the other trails are like, but I don't think I need to summit again.
Great for hikers and hill walkers. Worth it
Halla Mountain or Hallasan is one sadistic hike. For the month of May 2018, Gwaneumsa Trail is the only trail open that summits Halla. Seongpanak is having maintenance done.We did Gwaneumsa Trail... with one slow hiker... we got to parking at about 7:30am and we were walking by 8:06am. It is beautiful and green, especially in Spring. There is one restroom stop about 1/4 way and another 3/4 way at Samgakbong shelter. There was no other support. Take water, take food, take toilet paper just in case.READ: There is only one potable water stop. It is after Samgakbong about 3.5 hours into the hike at the last downhill before the bridge and start of final red part of trail. There is a hose at the corner at bottom os stairs before the bridge. Fill up here both going up and down.Also wear good walking or hiking shoes. We witnessed two people's shoes rip up and one guy had to walk back 2.5 hours with no shoe. There is no rescue for small issues. There is a supply cart that goes up once or twice a day but only for serious rescue. There is AED in Samgakbong shelter too. No food for sale when we went in April 2018.The reason for the difficulty is the climb and distance... mostly on volcanic rocks... large ones... and lots of stairs of wood and of stone.We left at 8:06 and back in the parking lot at about 5:30. All day event. 9.5 hours going slow up Gwaneumsa Trail.
Wonderful Hiking Experience Amidst the Difficulties
We hiked up the Seongpanak Trail and hiked down Gwaneumsa Trail.  These are the only 2 trails to the summit and hence it is the best option to get the best of both trails.Iit was a huge satisfying feeling to reach the top and then to descend safely.  It was not difficult if we were more prepared.  Here are some pointers to note:(1) We went in Spring and therefore we were not expecting any snow.  However, probably due to a snow storm 1 or 2 weeks ago, some areas were still covered in snow.  As we didn't bring any hiking sticks nor cramptons, the descend was difficult and dangerous.  I slipped many times.  There was even one path which was totally covered with snow and we had to detour to the side which was hard given the little space and all the snow.  As we descended via Gwaneumsa Trail, it was more steep and therefore the snow made it such a challenging task to hike down.(2) There are no water point.  We thought we could get some water from toilets but there are no taps in toilets too.  We ran out of water towards the end.(3) No food.  Do bring your own food as you would not be able to buy any on the way up and down.  We  brought our own snacks.  Also be prepared to bring your own rubbish down the mountain.  There are no rubbish bins for you to discard your rubbish.(4) Do allocate more time for the hike.  We thought we could do it within half a day but we spent much longer time.  By the time we reached the bottom, it was already 4 - 5 plus.  Even though we were relatively fast and hardly stopped, we still require that much time which probably was also due to the snowed paths (lots of snow).It was a unforgetable experience and we were so happy we did it!  Will we do it again?  Definitely!
Hallasan National Park
Im so exited to visit Hallasan National Park place in this June. Read many reviews about  this place.
Gwanmeusan Trail... be prepared to be impressed
We walked up the Gwanmeusan Trail, only 20 minutes from downtown Jeju-si. It took us, going slowly with lots of rests about 9.5 hours. Good hiking shoes required. We witnessed multiple shoe failures. You have to hike back down shoeless if your shoes rip apart and they will due to the volcanic rocks used on the rrail. The rocks are cute until they aren't. They are murder on the feet, ankles, knees, and legs on the way down.We went in April 20 and it was warm... only one water stop about 3/4 way up.18+ miles round trip. Please ask questions if you have concerns. It is quite breathtaking but a strenuous hike. Many turn back early. Must make it to the Samgakbong shelter by 12:30. No support on the trail.... 2 bathrooms though about 1/4 and 3/4 way up. Must start return hike by 2PM... still took us 4 hours to down due to strenuous terrain and infinite number of stairs.
Seong panak route
I went there too late so I cannot reach the top of the mountain. This route is  9 km and the walkway was pretty bad because it's all lava rock and it's raining before. We have to reach the shelter at 6 km by 12.30 but we can't so we had to go back when we reached the first shelter. I think you should try other route if you have a little time like me.
Went for spring, got snow instead
Living in a country where there is no chance the snow will fall, we are so excited to experience snow even though by that time it is nearly end of March. The view is amazing, though I cannot go for the hike as I went there with my mom. Will definitely go again and bring my hiking partner next time.
Great hike
In April, watch the weather. Aim to get to the trail head around 7 to 8am. Make sure you wear good hiking shoes it is rocky in most parts even though there are stretches of boarding. It is windy up top so you might not stay atvthe summit for more than 30 mins but the views are breathtaking. This is not a boring hike as some may say. It is a classic in these parts
Amazing hiking!
We went to Hallasan with my brother: the hiking is just wonderful, this is a must-do if you love nature & trekking. The weather was ok, a lot of wind nonetheless, be careful when going. If you have the opportunity, you should definitely go to the summit!
Easy but long route before check point
Its very important to choose the suitable route, as there are different route to go to the top.  I didn't notice and chose a long route, and so not enough time to pass the check point at designated time and not allowed to go to the top.  Better get there earlier.  The trail is easy to walk.  Better bring suitable gear such as stick to prevent slippery ice surface  on top of the mountain.
Stunning View
We selected yeongsil trail since we rarely hike in own country and it is recommended for beginner. We started our hike at 9:30am and it took us 3 hours to reach the shelter while 2 hours to come down. We used back same route to come down since we drove there. The cup noodle shop was closed when we reached the shelter, grateful we brought some biscuit and roti else we will starving after long hike hours. We didn’t expect still having ice on mountain since it is turning spring. This get bit challenging especially to me as my shoes a bit tough to walk on the ice. But luckily a korean lady offered her stick to me and hold my hand to cross the ice path. It really make a different with the stick support. It is really recommended to get prepare self well with good hiking shoes, enough water and food.
Spring hike - beautiful view
Just did the hike on 30 March.Trail: seongpanak up and gwaneumsa down. Goes to summit. (highly recommend to do this trail Cos going up by gweumusa is really steep though the view is nicer for gweumusa) Time taken: 4.5hrs up and 4hrs down (please go early and check the time that you need the reach the shelter and summit by.  Think should be by 1230 reach shelter and by 2 to leave summit) Weather: good.  Cold in the morning but as you hike,  you will perspire and definitely need minimum sweaters. I was only wearing teeshirt and windbreaker. In the end only tee-shirt cos it's getting warmer and you climb and when the sun is out. Need crampons?  Yes!!! It helped alot especially at the icy areas both going up and down. Not too sure where you can buy it but I managed to rent it from my hostel. Though I did see people without it,  and they did just fine.  I was wearing track shoes kind. So crampons helped alot!  How to get there: I went there from Jeju city and took bus 281 from bus terminal to seongpanak bus stop. Coming back from gwaneumsa trail: took bus 475 back to jeju  national university and change bus 360 to Jeju city.  Please check with bus driver or use kakao map/bus to help as Google Map doesn't seem to help much with he routes. Bus 475 have some timings going back. You can always find out from the visitors center at the gweumusa base. It is situated at the left side as you make your way down passing through the car park.  Shelters and food: not sure if I did miss it..  But I didn't see any food vendors, drinks stall as I hiked up and down. So I was really thirsty as the end of the trail. There's a small restaurant and a convenience store at gwaneumsa trail end. So please bring ALOT of water like at least 1.5L. Bring along food to eat up there and also plastic bag to put your trash and there are no rubbish bins around.
A must Visit place
We visit this place on February which is in the winter season, the place was tremendously beautiful. It is covered by the snow and I like it. The best place to take a good photos. Highly recommended and surely will visit this place again in the future.
Unexpected!
Beeing there on 23rd March 2018 and it still have a thick snow. Such a great and beautiful scenery. Must visit place if you come to Jeju Island
Be prepared
We went to Eorimok trial thinking that we can go up with normal tracking boots. To our surprise, there was snow even though it was in the middle of spring. Due to the snow, we cannot go up the mountain without crampons. We still enjoyed ourselves at the carpark area as it was beautiful.
Nice View, amazing weather, good hiking exercise
Nice weather to hike in Feb, good view when surrounding area is all cover by snow. By quite slipping when going down the hill.
Disappointed
Although it is covered as one of the southern route day trip itinerary, we couldn’t do much as a sightseeing tourist as none of us is prepared to hike up the mountain without proper gears and limitation of time. I wouldn’t suggest to visit this place at all if you are a sightseeing tourist. Utterly disappointed.
Nice View..Excellent Hiking Trail
Love the amenities at the place. Clean and functional. The view is breathtaking and there is ample area for picture taking etc. before the serious business of hiking.Make sure wear and bring proper gear and supplies as there are limited item at the sole shop at the base.
A must do!
I was hesitating to climb the mountain in the winter, but it is definitely a must do! It was so amazing with the snow. The path itself was 'easy' to walk and to follow. Tip: buy crampons at the start of the trail (12,000 krw (I think) for the cheap ones).
High recommended
The view is breathtaking. I wish we could spend more time there but it gets dark so you might want to head down before the sunset.
It's white mountian which is highest in Korea.
You could enjoy your time at top lake which is beauty of halla mountian.just try and visit Jeju island and tracking the mountain which are all snowing haven !!!Do it and feel best in Korea.
Winter festival
We went to eorimok trail to enjoy the winter festival. Great outdoor fun for children. Best part its free (except for 1,000krw parking fees). My kid loves d slide!! There’s even a museum to learn how hallasan mountain was formed. In my opinion this is the best place to visit in jeju.
DO not go on Jan to this place
Nothing to see at all, as this time of the year all trees only left with brunch, nothing else. place is small, map look big however not as much as we could think.
Quite challenging on the way down but totally worth the hike
I woke up really early to get ready for this hike. I took the first bus 281 from the old bus terminal in Seogwipo leaving at 6am. We arrived at Seongpanak trail entrance about half an hour later. I did this trail mid January and you need crampon for this. Personally, I don’t like slippery surface so crampons really give me the confidence. But I saw people on the hike didn’t have crampons. Some other people hiked in their running shoes. Snow was thick but you basically walked on top so I guess You don’t necessarily need hiking boots. Unless you go off trail, the snow will be knee deep. It was such a nice feeling to see everybody get up and early to start the hike when it’s still dark out. The hike up was not very challenging and it took me about 4.5 hours. I’m an extremely slow walker. Keep in mind that there is cut off time. If you start too late and couldn’t get up to the last shelter on Seongpanak trail before 12pm, you are not allowed to go to the summit. The view at the top was so beautiful. It was very windy though. I took Gwaneumsa trail down since I wanted to change views. That was challenging. My knees hurt so bad even though I already wore knee braces. It’s shorter than Seongpanak trail but it took me almost the same amount of time. There was one part quite steep and I didn’t notice the rope which you can hold on to, I slid down and broke my trekking pole. Apart from being slippery, the trail is quite rocky and by the end of the day, after a beautiful sunny day, the snow started melting and made the trail very slushy. There was time I almost gave up, my whole body hurt and I started to get blister on my toes. When I got to the entrance of the trail, I took bus 475 for 10 mins to a university entrance station then changed to bus 281 to go back to Seogwipo. I guess you can take 281 directly from Gwaneumsa to Seogwipo but I didn’t know where it was so I followed the crowd. I totally recommend this hike.
Be alert of the time and weather
I was told by the reception assistant at the guesthouse that the trails to hike Mt Hallasan were closed when that day it was snowing heavily.When the weather got better, I made a mistake when we reached the office ticket too late to hike.  No one is allowed after 1200 noon, winter time.Also, I made a mistake of not being alert to the weather forecast.  Due to the rain and ill equipped, I decided against hiking.  Thus, I ended up at the nearby rest area and visited the wetland instead.  It was beautiful
Fantastic colors of leaves in autumn
The road brings you to an altitude of 1100 m close to e Mt. Hallasan which with 1900 m is the highest mountain in South Korea. They have built a walk with wooden planks that brings you to nice trees without getting wet feet. The walk takes about one hour when taking Pictures, if you rush it is only 20 minutes.
Really Recommended
We climbed Halla via Yeongsil Trail on Christmas. Really worth the hiked, yet when we reached the view point on top it was covered by the clouds.Be sure you wear layers of clothes, sweater and jackets as it’s really cold up there with the wind gust blowing so hard in winter.Despite of the clouds on top, we can still take so many pictures on our way up.3.5 hours with many stops for photo session and 1.15 for went down.We travelled from Seogwipo - Vistacay world cup hotel, took the 282 blue bus around 9.30am in the bus stop across the eMart, and dropped at Jungmun Elementary School (We should’ve start earlier actually).From there we went to the other bus stop (it’s near the junction) and took bus 240 straight to Yeongsil Ticket Office and walked about 2 km to the Yeongsil Entrance. There’re small store where you can buy some food and hot drinks as well as hiking equipments like Crampons, Hike stick, gloves etc.Notice that i think in winter the crampons is a Mandatory (except you come with a full hiking equipments) as we’re not allowed to enter the trail only with our bare sneakers.So we bought two pairs of crampons cost 70.000 Won (pick your size carefully as it can squeezed hard your feet if it to small).
Which is the highest point I can drive up to in the mountain?
I am thinking of driving up the mountain, where would be a good pit-stop to enjoy some view with snow?
1100 Altitude Wetland
What a wonderful winter at 1100 Altitude Wetlands, Hallasan.  The white snow view make us crazy, its really beautiful. Kids sledding,  photography and enjoy the white scene. Its a must go place in Winter. We traveled by bus 240.
It's great experience of snow, for asians
It was snowing in December and they have a small winter festival. It was fun to have the snow experience on the mountain. The road to the mountain was clear and I'm sure the authority makes a great effort on that. It's a safe drive even for those who has not drove in icy road before.
Veryyyy cold
Make sure you have full clothings on as it is very cold out there. you will find lots of snow to play around. Adventurous people can trek as well.
Beautiful place to visit
One of compulsory place to go in jeju. Beautiful. There is a wild deer too but it depends on luck to see it.
Worth to hike~~^^
Starting the beautiful day with sunrise on top of Hallasan Mountain. Refresh and restore yourself. Worth to hike~~^^
Winter Hike
We went on a hike at Hallasan National Park and the scenery was beautiful. The park was beautiful and well kept.
Great Views
Only did a short hike in the park but the views were amazing and I will definitely go back when I can.
It's tiring but Worth !!
The scene is real nice and definetly is an enjoyable hike. A must to visit when you r in jeju. Don't miss this amazing place.
Breathtaking
So we went to Hallasan but didn't have much time, so we've decided to do the yeongsil train until the shelter and then go back the other way (eorekon? Haha). It was about 2hours each ways so 4 hours total. The mountain is free but to get there it's either a bus from Jeju city hall or a taxi (about 27.000 won - 25€?). You have to be there before 12:00 pm otherwise it's closed. Really good activity, winter time so there was snow, pretty cool!!But wear good shoes and some coat because it's super windy there !I recommend it 100 times.
