Amazing picture location
Place was absolutely amazing for pictures and lots of laughs and fun to be had if your looking for goofy memorable pictures. Highly recommended to visit for those couples and groups of friends looking to bring out each others goofy side.
Great for fun photos
Husband and I had been to the one in Seoul so we decided to stop by this one as well. I’m glad we did. They had completely different props and we had a great time. They have go carts in the back that we paid separately for. The instructors let my husband and I go early while they explained the rules in Korean, which we do not speak.
Most worthwhile museum in Jongjeng
It is located at the nearest to the entrance of the district. Although I have also been to some similar 4D museum in Thailand before, it is still big and fun to visit this museum! We spent around 2 hours taking photos and is quite fun!
A Great Indoor Attraction
I was here in September right before a typhoon hit Jeju. It was raining after dinner and there was nowhere to go. We decided to visit this attraction and spend a good 2 hours right up to closing - taking many fun and hilarious pictures. It is the largest of such attraction I've visited. Unfortunately, there were no taxis by the time we left and we have to walk back to our hotel in nearby Jungmun.
Fun time
This is the first time that my wife and I have visited a place like this. Honestly, it exceeded our expectations and we were delighted with our visit. We recommend coming here if you have an hour or two to spare.
great fun on a rainy day
Spent two hours hear on a rainy day. Great fun and lots of good photos. Even though quite full pf people still able to see the attractions and get good photos.
Family fun
It was great!! Allot of pictures n exciting things to do.  The 3D pictures were so funny n they had some scary pics to take part in. Friends had a great time acting scared or being eating.
Photo opps
This is only a nice experience if it is not crowded. With us entered a family if four and they easily blocked 2-3 displays. The start of the tour is great. A lot of great photo opportunities. They gibe you examples and show how to pose. But suddenly this stops in the middle and you end up in a huge room with Aladdin, Indiana Jones, a volcano eruption? We had no clue what to do there.At the end there is a bug parking lot outside with even more displays. So if you are into instagram and pictures - this is yours. If not... well, it is entertaining though. Unless there are tons of visitors.
Just an average experience
There's probably other attractions that are better than the Alive Museum. It was just not that good nor was it bad.
Awesome picture opportunity
We came here as part of Yeha bus tour - South Course - and my husband and I had a lot of fun with the optical illusion and 3-D photo opportunities!  They do a great job letting you know where you should stand to get a great picture.  We thought this would be a blast for our two teenage girls with lots of Instagram worthy pictures, but I think it was an off day for them.
Lots of fun!
A good place to have some fun and laughter posing with the displays. It an optical illusion and 3-D museum that makes everything so real. You can take lots of fun photos here.
Great place for pictures
We went there and enjoyed ourselves. You can get discount by using the voucher from KTO Malaysia (₩8,800) per pax. We hang around for 1-2 hours before heading to Innisfree Jeju House.
A very interesting and a quirky place to visit
Built within a mall like building, the Alive museum is a fun place to spend 2 hours in and capturing memories for your trip.
Take your inner child out...
I wasn’t expecting to like it. I had great fun. I enjoyed the creativity. Actually it is quite simple but very creative and done with a-lot of taste. I can picture the producers having fun when designing the rooms and the ... paintings and games
Great fun
I would have not gone here if it were not recommended to me by a friend. It definitely exceeded all expectations. It is great fun for adults and kids. It has a number of interactive displays which are very intriguing. Would allow at least 90 minutes.
Similar alive museums elsewhere
Been to a few and they seemed the same. It was average to me. Nothing much and not really worth it for me.
Fun for adults and kids
This is an amazing place! I visited solo with my tripod, but it's better with another person to really get the shots you want. If you are ever in Seogwipo, this is a must do.
It's okay.
It's an okay museum. Most of it is under repair. There's a course in the back for go karts but it wasn't open when we went and we couldn't figure out why
Lame
Parts were cute but pretty lame. I only went because they were open later than other museums around.
A fun way to spend a rainy afternoon - you will need a friend
I visited this as part of an inclusive tour so I cant comment on the value of the entrance fee.  This is a "musuem" of pictures and exhibits that enable you to have amusing photos taken of yourself.  It would be little fun on your own.  You need a friend to take photos of you and if you have several it becomes quite hilarious.  In the Jungmun Resort area.
Worth to do if it s raining
Musuem in which optical effect is at the center. It is good to go there on a rainy day with children. If you have been to Seoul’s one, it lacks the annimation.
We loved it
We loved the Alive museum. It was so much fun!!!So many funny poses you could make and was a lovely way to spend the day out.
Fun day out
Purchased both museum & go karting which provided a fun morning. More fun pictures than I expected & certainly took many photos!! Make sure have plenty of battery as think get better with photos as you go.
Large, unique, Creative
Alive museum and kart is a good entertainment for the family. The museum is the largest that I ever visited. Some work are really unique and clever. I would recommend for you to visit. You would need at least 90 minutes to go through it. I took less than 60 minutes in other trick eyes museum, which are smaller.
Daughter enjoyed it
We did sightseeing but gets dark early so we decided to check this museum out. We had seen several of the fliers. My daughter who is 10 really enjoyed it. We took a ton of pictures.
The kids loved it!
I was slightly surprised by the number of exhibits that the museum had.  It kept my tweens very entertained and they enjoyed their time here very much.  Recommended
Great, fun place!
I visited many trick eye museums around Korea and Hong Kong. This is a great 3D photo opportunity gallery like it. I liked that it was the same idea with different artworks!If you like to take photos of your partner or kids it is a MUST! It took us about 2 hours taking pics with every artwork.
Great place for the young and the young at heart
We were brought there by our guide and had no idea what the place was about. We spent over an hour there and had a great time . You need to go there armed with a sense of humor, a handphone with a good camera setting , and the ability to use the camera and it’s functions for the best results . I would certainly recommend this to anyone with young children , young adults and not so young adults who are young at heart!
Very cool
Love all the trick pictures, lots and lots. Had some cool rooms too for photo opportunities. Has gocarts but they were closed when we went.
Had a great time at Alive Museum
If you've never been to one of these grab a camera and have a good time.  We had a couple of hours to spend so we thought we'd stop by, not knowing what it was.  We were surprised at the good time we had. We took lots of great corny pictures and were entertained. These will make for some fun memories.  Definitely worth the stop.
Amazing
Wow a brilliant fun day,loads of pic opportunity for all ages ,spent ages taking pics ,just great fun and lots to see and participate in,parking easy and we got a taxi very easily after,there's a go kart place just nextdoor,please visit if in jeju and would be a great place if raining to take the children easy spend an hour or more.
Silly fun at the Alive Museum
I have to say, going to the Alive Museum was not on my ¨to see¨list but it was on the Yeha West tour.And I was dying of laughter after I left.It´s like the Laguna Pageant of Masters, if you´re ever gone to Laguna, California.At the Alive Museum, you take your picture and you become part of the painting.  It´s hysterically funny. I have one of my best pictures taken at the museum.We were only halfway through the museum and the tour guide came in to chase us back onto the bus.  It´s a hoot and even funnier if you watch the kids and their parents interact.
Fun Interactive Art Museum
Defintely a must see, the pictures were artfully created and its great to pose with them.I think i may have paid 20,000 won ($20 U.S.), but if you have teenage or below always look for the student (high school) price which was maybe 13,000. Have a passport or student id ready.
Great
My 9 and 7 year old boy loved it and wanted to go back the next day.  Pleasantly surprised that there was go-karts to ride as an option to add to our purchase with the museum tickets. We paid extra and it was worth it. Fast carts!
very funny, highly recommended
While I'm getting more and more tired of museums this was a huge surprise for me. It costs 9 dollars and it's in the middle of nowhere in the island, like everything. But it is so funny, I spent almost 2 hours there and it was totally worthy. The illusions they create are so real and so interesting.
Kill time and have fun with illusion photos
Stop by Alive museum on the way to visit other places, spend an hour inside the optical illusion museum and play kart outside.  Karing part is fun with the two seater. (Kids can sit next to parent) and it is 4 times faster than the ones in Disney.
Fun museum for pictures
We had a great time! Plenty of fun wall art to get pictures with. It's a little expensive for what you pay for though.
A good way to spend 2 hours
This place is a lot of fun!! Bring your camera with plenty of battery and make sure you are ready to do some fun posing!Is good to have 3 people in your group or be ready to ask others to take your picture if you are only 2 as several of the images can be taken with 2 people.
Fun
I just loved itIt was fun in every part of it.We took lots of funny pictures The kids enjoyed it and wanted to visit it once more
Too much fun
If you go you won't regret. It's too much fun and it's a different museum. The cost is like 10.000 won
Make it Alive!
My family had so much fun here as there were many photo opportunities. We spent about 2hours+ in here and we took lots of pictures. Do make sure that your camera's data storage is plenty and bring an extra battery just in case. Remember to make your facial expressions fitting to the picture to make it more alive!
Fun day at Alive
Totally amusing day at Alive museum at Jeju. Great place for young kids, adults and even senior citizen. Was there in mid Dec with 3 different age group, all enjoyed taking photo & the place is well maintain.
Just another trick Eye
Same concept, different images, purely for photo taking. There is a few images that attracts my family and it turns out great in the photos.
Creative
This was actually my 2nd 3D museum that I'd been too. While it had different structures and art pieces, it's also bigger than the 'trick eye museum' in Hongdae, Seoul. This could be good or bad:Good: there's obviously more photo opportunities, more of a day out and worth more for your moneyBad: you need to be in the mood to have lots of photos taken, turns out multiple photo taking can actually be draining!Don't get me wrong though, we had a great time! There's also a go-kart track round the back which you can use for extra money.
Amuse your kids for an hour or two
The museum is really made for kids.  The museum is filled with endless pieces of slightly altered art that enhances optical illusions.  Kids would probably love the museum and the endless optical illusions.  If you are adult, you will be amused by the paintings for approximately two minutes and then you'll be quite bored after a while.The middle of the museum also contains some sort of self playing organ or set of instruments which was not very impressive.There is also a karting facility on-site but I did not try it.  The karts did look a bit slow though and it didn't look too fun.If you do decide to spend the 10000 won per person, then keep your expectations low and don't try to over-analyze the paintings.  Just don't think too much and you'll enjoy your time there then...
It ok but a bit old inside
Not to bad but it look a bit old many thing inside notwork.child enjoy for 1 hr. Since it near my hotel . And it rain so have some thing to do.
Wonderful photos taken
Museum is crowded with tourists and have to queue to take photos but everyone are in orderly manner.It will take around 1.5hr to complete and there is an outdoor karting outside at the back of the museum and ticket is purchase separately.
A lively time at Alive Museum!
My family and I chose the Alive Museum over the Trick Eye Museum because the former is larger and has more art pieces. Furthermore, we chose to go in the evening after dinner so that we don’t have to jostle with the daytime crowd. However, the disadvantage of the night visit is that the karting (carting) activities were already closed at 5 pm. Moreover, it was too dark to take any photographs with the outdoor sculptures in the French themed garden. But it’s okay because our primary objective was to have a good time inside the Museum, which we did. Getting there and Fees: We drove to the Alive Museum (GPS coordinate/code 8050888) and reached there at about 7pm, 2.5 hours before Museum closing time of 9:30pm. Parking is free at the huge car park. Entrance fees to the Alive Museum is 10,000 won for adults, 9000 won for teenagers and 8000 won for children. If you rent a car, check whether there are available discounts on the entrance fees and karting on the discount booklet (we used those from the Hertz discount book).The Museum:  Depending on your time spent at each art piece and the number of visitors present (who would jostle with you for the right to pose and take photos), you would need at least 2 hours to “participate” in all the art pieces inside the Museum. It is very easy to become so engross that you lose track of time! And don’t worry about how to pose, because there’re instructions and explanations written in Korean, Mandarin (Chinese), English and Japanese on how to pose. If you are going by yourself, I recommend you bring a tripod along or you could take selfies (although most photos have to be taken beyond the selfie distance) or you could keep asking other visitors to take your photos.We leisurely spent a lively 2.5 hours (7-9:30 pm) inside the Alive Museum, which was just enough to view and take photographs and selfies of most of the art pieces. I say “most” because there are a few paintings of adult themes which are not suitable for my children. Anyway, we almost had the entire museum to ourselves, except for 6 other visitors! So we unreservedly and hilariously pose at most of the 3-D art and paintings without feeling shy and without anyone looking at us. As a result, we were among the last to leave the Museum.Of the 4 categories of art inside the museum — trick art, digital art, objet art and Provence art (sculpture art is outside the museum) – my favourite are those in the trick art section. Trick art is a perspective technique which makes use of optical illusions so as to enable visitors to interactively “enter” as the main character into seemingly three-dimensional realistic paintings and artworks, with the visitors eventually having a good laugh at their “adventure”.  I particularly liked the 3-D illusions of the parachute, standing on the bridge over the molten lava and the hanging onto a nail at the side of the building. We also enjoyed the Provence art section, which is a pastel-coloured fairy tale village with bears and dogs donning period costumes.We had a truly unforgettable experience, with plenty of amazing photographs and fun with optical illusions. So could you!
You are the Photo
Super fun optical illusion adventure. We were lucky to have brought a tripod to get some great couples shots! Overall super entertaining with hilarious photo shots to take back with us.
Good fun for the young and young at heart
A good option on a rainy day. The visuals are pretty cool and you can take 'trick' photos. Go with a group of crazy folks who are willing to just go wild in taking photos or acting out a scene!
Different type of museum
Visited the Alice museum in a rainy day in Jeju, was not sure of it at first but I must say we had a pretty fun time, whoever put it together has a different sense of humor
Great experience
Use your 3D imagination and spend a couple of fun hours. Where you can become part of each scenario from hungry dinosaurs to a VanGong painting, from an explosive mine to be on a boat in Venice. Great museum, best recommendation don't go alone to enjoy it more. Although other tourists are always kind to take some pic for you.
Great Fun!
We all really enjoyed this interactive museum.  It's so much fun to put yourself into the pictures.  They even show you where to stand to take the best pictures.  The variety was great.
Lot of fun for a rainy day
This museum is basically just one whimsical photo op after another.  Great filler for your facebook album.  Fun for the whole family.
A must see! 3D illusion pictures that bring out your fun side.
Perfect for a rainy day, and this island has a ton of them!When we pulled up, we weren't sure if it was the right way place. The exterior is huge! Doesn't look like a trick eye museum type of place. But once inside, there is a ticket booth. It was 10,000 won per adult and 7,000 won for your children. It was well worth the price. Once inside you will see pictures that you interact with and take pictures from specific angles. With the right pose, it looks like you are in the action. Took us about 1 hour to make our way through and we had a blast. Only down side is that if it is crowded, people are waiting to take pictures and shoving infront of you.
My first 3d alive museum
Entrance fee only 10,000 won. We spend a very fun and enjoyable day there.. post with the suggestion given besides the 3d pictures... very tired to post and camera is run off bateries but we have such a sweet memory there.
It is very creative
It is a fun place to be at. So many alive art to take picture with.. Make sure camera is full charge.
Fun visit!
The Alive Museum is huge compared to similar museums in Seoul. There are so many paintings to take goofy pictures with! My parents (in their 60s) enjoyed it too.
nice indoor activity if you enjoy photo taking & posing
I read the description there is an outdoor sculpture park, but was closed down, not sure for renovation or what, but they did not indicate / notify when we buy the ticket (which is still sold at normal price) so I felt a bit cheated. Probably bigger than other trick eye museum, but not really very big that you can spend half a day. At most 2hours without the outdoor
Go at night!
We came at night about 8pm after having dinner at a nearby noodles restaurant. And was the last to leave the museum. It takes about an hour plus to fully explore the huge facility. While it was really cool that we didn't have to worry about our silly poses and waiting in line (quiet at this time), we also realised that there was no one to help the both of us take couple shots for some poses. However, we still enjoyed ourselves very much. Perhaps it'll be better to arrive 7pm for a better experience.
One of our favorite indoor activites
The museum has a bunch of pictures and areas that one could pose in to make it seem like they are part of the painting. This became one of our families favorites on a rainy day.
The most fun you'll have taking photos
We had so much fun here posing in all the 3-D backgrounds. This place is huge and has so many places to take great photos. Well worth the money. Definitely a must try when on Jeju island.
Lots of funny photo opportunities
The Alive Museum in Seogwipo is a pretty nice museum that is near a number of good restaurants, and is definitely not hard to get to on foot. For 11,000 won, you can take photos with plenty of crazy, cute, and cool paintings all over the museum; this is definitely their specialty. I really enjoyed some of the paintings, especially the ones near the picture of the wings that makes you look like an angel. The gift shop at the end, and of course the mandatory photos taken of you upon coming in, are really overpriced, and we didn't go outside because it was so cold out, but the inside was pretty worth it to get so many cool photo opportunities. If you're not into taking pictures, though, this museum probably isn't for you.
R-18 Fun Museum
Found that there was a lot of explicit trick art etc, which I would not recommend for children to attend. More of a friends (adults) and couples outing. Fun for those who love to take interesting photos. Massive place as it also has an outdoor area with sculptures.
Huge 3D Museum
Easy access using public transportation and I remind you to bring a good camera and prepare yourself with extraordinary pose and don't be shy to act silly even lots of people will watching you. But don't worry they will do the same. Alive museum in Jeju is waaaaay bigger than in Seoul and the paintings are more interesting.
Amazing Museum
We rent a car in jeju and drove to this place.  We were pleasantly surprised and really enjoyed ourselves. If you're the sort who likes taking photos that stimulate the senses, don't miss.  Quite a big museum and there are many fun and interesting spots to take photos.
Fun place to be with your family and friends
Warning! You must go to this place at least 2 pax. It is because you need to take photo for each other! :D You will also get some new friend there as they might will to ask your help to take their photo..heheheheThe place is very huge, available for indoor and outdoor. Take photo until you tired :PIt is recommended to go during day as there is an outdoor area (we went there at night, so unable to take photo there :( plus, too tired..
Interesting place
This is interesting place located in Joongmun tourist complex and definitely worth visiting.You can take tones of interesting photos and illusion is "wow"I probably took more than 100 photos.Also, they sell Egg Tart(??) in the cafeteria and was very tasty.
Good rainy day activity
It's cute but outdated. Great to go with children and be goofy. If it's raining it's worth while. It was ok.
Great fun with a friend
This is NOT something to do on your own. Going with a small group is best because you will need someone to take photos of you/your friends interacting with all of the "art". It's a silly good time with lots of themed rooms, each one with loads of photos or interactive displays. Watch the floor for markers of where to stand to get the best angle for the optical illusions!
Enjoyed it more than I thought
We did not plan to visit the museum originally, but was brought here by accident by a taxi driver who couldn't speak much English (of which there are plenty in Jeju-do). We were pleasantly surprised and really enjoyed ourselves. If you're the sort who likes taking photos that stimulate the senses, don't miss.
Very good place to go
Quite a big museum and there are many fun and interesting spots to take photos. Entrance fee is around 9000 krw per person but you can spend a good 40mins to 1hr in the museum walking around and taking photos. Very good place to visit. Not too sure how accessible it is by public transport as I booked a driver for the day.
Kids loved it
Fun museum if you have kids with you.  They kept us busy asking us to take pictures of them.  My son said this was the best museum he has been to.  Without kids, it would have been kind of blah I think.  They loved it though so it was worth it.
Good family laughter together
We had so much fun in there together as a family.  My parents had a ball of time laughing and playing with their grandchildren with all those 3D images that we took
Fun place with friends
Don't visit alone. You need friends to pose around the illusions. Get creative and you will be amazed at the cleverness of the paintings.
Very Fun and Interactive
Larger than anticipated with lots of interactive displays.  Bring a camera and be willing to be funny in a crowded space.  The indoor attractions were bettrr than the outdoor ones.  There is a coffee and snack bar with a lounge in the middle that made a very nice break point.  Easy to get to and staff was nice and helpful.  Staff spoke pretty good english and even called a cab for us.
excellent work of art and innovation
since it was raining heavily with winds we decided to visit this top rated museum in jeju. its similar to trick-eye museum in seoul so if you have visited that then you might not find this so exciting. There are many trick potrait where you can stand and take some nice 3d pics. Even though we didnt take much pics we were happy to see many ppl posing around. some of them are quite funny too.
3D Illusion Arts
Bring your camera as many 3D pictures that bring you into the scene. Good for photo taking and each picture show location of where to take.  If you really serious taking each photo, 2 hours will be spent over there. It also situates close to hotels cluster, walking distance from major hotels.
Highly Recommended Tourist Attraction
Incredible work of art, it was a great place to visit. The number of pictures were beyond my expectation; need more than 1 hour to see all exhibitions. Need a good camera for good quality. Sometimes need flash to get a brighter picture. ₩10,000 only.
Much better than expected
The Alive Museum is an exhibit of life-sized optical illusions of which you can pose with for some really fun photos.  Admission was 10,000 won ($10 USD) each.  It will take you between 60 and 90 minutes to get through the exhibits.  There are more than 100 photo opportunities.  Make sure you arrive with a charged camera or camera phone.  I would not recommend going alone as you would have nobody to take your photo.  An ice cream and coffee shop is located towards the end of the museum.Highly recommended.  We are glad we went.
Not for us!!
It an attraction for kids. Too boring. Just knowing what it was I didn't want to go but it was on the tour 😴😴
Must Visit
Besides being fun place to visit, it  has better lighting than Trick art museum It looks newer too.  There are outdoor sculptures which are interesting.
Alive Museum In Seogwipo
A worth to visit this museum, quite similiar to TrickEye Museum (imo). Many interesting poses and the place is big.
Interesting but not impressed
It was my first time ever to any of the ALIVE series and honestly it wasn't fantastic but I could be bias cause I hate crowded attractions and people hog and does not wait for their turn. My recommendation is to go during off peak season with at least a group of 3 as some of the displays can fit in a couple. I guess it will be more fun as well. Condition of displays are pretty good and one could easily spend at least 1.5 hours in there. There is also an outdoor park which features more abstract art which is pretty interesting. Overall worth the money? I'll say it's alright but it will be a place that I'll visit once.
Just for Fun, cheap price compare w/sg alive museum
we hired taxi for a-day trip, this is the last sightseeing in jeju.totally enjoy the fun, experience and fill up the puzzle.must visit once in a life time.
Entertain your senses
It's a very amusing and amazing attraction for the whole family. Get wacky with your poses and you'll have loads of fun on the day if your visit and even days after (by looking at your photos).You can read more about our visit to alive museum in my blog http://czyreil-travelogue.blogspot.sg/2014/11/jeju-island-road-trip-day-4-alive-museum.html?m=1
A fun outing with kids
We went on a rainy day and feared it would be too busy to enjoy but it was ok (the first section was the busiest but the crowds thin out the further you get in).  A lot of fun for kids and adults alike.  It took us longer than we thought to get through, you could spend hours, so would suggest bringing some snacks if you are travelling with kids like we did. There is a coffee shop on site but it only had sweets and ice cream.   A fun outing if you've never been to a trick museum before.  Don't forget your camera!!!
Fun!
Been here twice - January and this recent April! Best place for photo very interesting. Entrance fee at 9k which is cheaper compare insadong alive museum
get your camera out
i took the most photos in this place. it had so many cool paintings that come alive in your photo. it was definitely one of the best places i visited while in jeju island.
Best Seen on a Sunny Day, Weekday or Right at Opening Time...
There are several Alive Museums in Korea and Singapore.  Each features a series of themed scenes for trick-art photos.  You can pose as directed for each scene and create a funny, memorable photo   This one is located in the Jungman Tourist Resort area on the southern side of Jeju Island.  We ended up going there on a rainy day when it was just too blustery to be on the beach.  Unfortunately, everyone else had the same idea, and it was too crowded.  We had to wait so long to take photos that we ended up not getting very many views for our memory book. I think we only took about a half-dozen.  It was so crowded, in fact, that it was even difficult to walk.  And, it is a big place!  There are also interesting photo ops outside the building such as with various types of vehicles and statues.  I think the Alive Museums would offer a better service to visitors by following the system used by museums for special exhibits:  issue a limited number of tickets for a specific time period, allowing one group to move through to a certain point before starting the next.  Really, the best part about our visit is that we purchased a combo entrance ticket purchased there for 12,000 Korean won  (about $10 USD) that allowed us to visit the nearby African Museum, which was FANTASTIC and well worth the time spent there.  So, if you go to the Alive Museum, try to go early or pick a sunny day.  Or if you don't mind crowds and lots of jostling about, it can be part of your rainy-day beach retreat.  Either way, get the combo ticket!
Cheap & entertaining
Huge place with lesser crowd as compared to Singapore's. More photo points and less people makes the visit more enjoyable. There's even an outdoor park towards the end. Go in the daytime to capture clearer shots outdoor.Ticket cost 9,000krw for each adult. Should be cheaper if you get it online via the official website.
Great Value
The place is huge for about 9000W (S$11.40) it is very cheap. We have one in Singapore. Smaller but expensive at S$29.90.
Fun time with friends!
We spent like 3 hours in the museum, took hundreds of funny photos! Although posing for the photos was like doing exercise, quite tiring but still we had so much fun. Luckily, it was not too crowded, so we could take as many photos as we wanted at the same spot. There is also an outdoor space for photo-taking, many creative sculptures. If you want to do something fun, or if it is raining in Jeju, this is the place you should visit!
We had lots of fun with the exhibits
It was a fun two hours in the museum, especially for the children. They were excited seeing all the funny exhibits and posing for photos.
Fun experience!
We have so much fun there! It is a fun place to photos and visit ^__^ the place is quite big and easy to get there
Have a great fun time
It open till 11pm and we went at ard 6pm. Is not crowded and my 2 kids 8 and 4 yrs old enjoyed themselves so much. Spent an hour plus here. Place is quite spaces. Easy to locate the place by car using GPS. Next to visitor information centre. There are few nice restaurant nearby.
Exciting place
Fun!! Enjoy!!... My family really having a great time in this place. The surrounding ambience is really nice. Must visit place if you happens in Jeju
fun place for photos and visit
the alive museum is quite big and fun ... lots of different sections for photo taking . and the place for taking photos is quite spacious . no much tourists when we are there, so we can take our time for each photos , there a outdoor place for photo taking too.
Excellent
Interesting museum, i will recommend it to visit, for adult and for kids, it's great spend the time, we enjoy that day
try to visit this museum!
plus: the concept about 3D art is very good, me and my wife very excited. if you like art and like to take a photo. you must visit this museum.minus: nothing
Eat your heart out
This museum is intended for tourists who love to take photos. Most of the artworks housed in the museum are modified versions of original paintings so that you can integrate with the painting. Hence, bringing a camera or a smartphone is a must! A companion is also a must since taking a "selfie" to achieve the desired effect might prove to be impossible.This is one of the two 3D interactive museums in Jeju Island. The other one, Trick Art Museum, is located farther in the eastern part of the island. We went to this place as it is nearer to the Jungmun Area where most hotels (Hyatt Regency, Shilla Hotel, Lotte Hotel etc.) are located.Aside from the in-house artworks, there is also a park with sculptures and play sets that will be appreciated by kids. Tips: avoid flash photography to get the desired effect; bring a jacket w/ hoodie (can be used in some of the artworks); and black pants make people blend better with the background.Admission costs KRW 8000 per person. The entire area is air-conditioned and wifi access is offered for free. Other extras include lockers to deposit your bags as this may hamper your experience.This is a fun destination for couples, families, or small groups.
"Nice but can be better!"
The exhibits here are very interesting and wacky with camera placement tricks. You can't see the illusions unless you take a photo. Effects came out rather cool on the photos. So do equip yourself with a camera and of course, have someone with you to take photos for you. Many people it was hard to take pictures. Staff is unfriendly and did not smile.
Nothing great
Having a camera is a must for this museum. You can't see the illusions unless you take a photo. And there's a lot of people lining up to get photos so you do a bit of waiting around. I wouldn't go again unless I was maybe taking children and it was raining outside. It is located in a very good location though and easy to find. There were these outside sculptures which are a waste of time to look at
Really fun
What a clever idea! There are instructions showing you how to pose and where to stand to take pictures make the wall paintings come to life in the photos. Definitely want to go when it's slow; we went on a weekday afternoon and it was not busy but I'm assuming it would not be quite as fun waiting for everyone to take pictures at each stop if it was crowded.
Great Fun
It was raining when we arrived and spent a fun afternoon at this museum posing with the different paintings, photos and displays. Unfortunately the rain prevented us from taking photos with the various outdoor displays. Wheelchairs are available for loan and help make the experience more enjoyable for my mom who has difficulty walking. Entrance fee is KRW9000 per person. The Alive Museum covers a wider area and has more/different displays than the Trickeye Museum in Seoul.
Lovely and special museum
What I know Jeju not just have outside tour but Alive museum is really an interesting place worthy to go. My hubby and I took many funny photos with vivid pictures. They look like the real and we posted to our blog and got many friends liking! We spent almost two hours there!
Kids loved it!
My kids never tire of museums. We don't have this kind in the US, so even if we already visited the "Trickeye Museum", they still had fun here.
Fun Place
My family had lots of fun posing for pictures in this place. However, you need patience and the right angle to capture a good photo. We were amazed by the result of the photos taken,  it looked so rich and real! Take your time to enjoy this place.
Whole lot of fun !!
This is a fun place for the family !  To enjoy this place to the max, you must not be shy about lying on the floor or doing funny expressions to pose to achieve the photo effect .  We had great fun as a family n have a good laugh as we review the photos taken.  There's also a outdoor sculpture park which we enjoyed doing funny pose with the sculpture ! We were there on a Sunday about 1030am, there wasn't a crowd, that allow us to have more time at each exhibit to pose without worrying on holding up others.Go n have fun !
(:
It was soooo good that we were so tired after all the photo-taking! It is a walk in to the museum but definitely manageable from the teddy bear museum or the waterfalls. Just ask around and can save cab fare.
Fun place to Enjoy
is a place where you will spend at least 3hours there. you must get prepare SD card with memory space & extra battery for your camera. you must catch the right angle if order to get the interesting result from the photo. stand at the photo point to take photo to catch the right angle.
Great fun with a touch of humour!
Was told that its the same operator as Trickart museum but this is larger & newer.  Alive Museum is near the Teseum teddy bear safari.  We did one after another. Lots of trickart to see & interact with, to pose for funny photos. Even the adults are having fun. Better value than Teseum unless you're a teddy bear lover.
great museum to visit
If you visit Jeju, especially Seogwipo, you don't want to miss to visit here. With entrance ticket KRW 9000, you can see and take photos of many art galleries in 3D. It's a fun experience. So many photos you could take in this big museum, it's too bad that I only spent about 2 hours in here because I didn't have much time then. I suggest to visit this museum in the morning and prepare to spend 3-4 hours in here. I visited here at noon and it's a bit crowded with people.
Great fun highly recommended
This is a great museum and I highly recommend you visit this museum. With a bit of imagination, lots of photos to be taken.
Amazing
It's fantastic,must must visit. Ticket 9000won,she'd take at least 4 hrs. Place for many beautiful pics.some sexy pics shd not be there
Fun experience
It was quite fun taking photos with the 3D effect. But we got tired after a while. Overall nice experience!
LOVED IT
We had the best time at the 3D Alive Museum.  As you walk through there are pictures on the walls and floors that you pose in certain ways to make it appear the picture is "alive".  You can be sky diving, riding on a magic carpet, in King Kongs grip etc.  We edited our pictures once home and they are wonderful!  Highly recommend this museum!!
Amazing!!
We have took a lot of photos, and it amazed us a lot!! must go!!It will take up a good 1 - 1.5 hours to go around the whole museum.
Good for taking photos
I think the museum is open until 11 pm so this could be one of the things to do on a slow evening if you are near Seogwipo. Lot of interesting 3d art sorta stuff, and if you are in a group or with kids, and are into taking pictures, it's worth it. Prices are ok, and you can spend a good 2 hours in the museum. Overall though, I would say it's nothing THAT great so better manage your expectations.
fun
it is in the jungmun tourist area where is not close to jeju city but it's still worth a visit. we had so much fun in taking different pictures here
Lots of photos opportunities
Lots of photo opportunities here! Posing here and there and was tired at the end! Try to go in the morning as afternoon people will start flowing in.
Super fun place to take photos! Tiring though...
Admission fee: 9k each person. Went about noon time. It is located near Believe it or Not museum and teddy bear museum. We spent about 3 hours in this musueum as we took really a lot of pictures here...but at the end, you will be so tired with all the postures of taking the pictures! We gave up taking some pictures near the end :PAt the start, there aren't many people but more people start coming when it gets later. Go early if possible. Else, it will be difficult for you to take pictures and you have to waste time waiting.
Fun place to take photos at
Was fun taking photos at Alive museum, we visited the museum at night and I guess because of that there were fewer tourists which meant what we could actually interact with the art more and did more funny shots with the art displayed.A great place for families young and old.
Good for Young People
When in Jeju, you can choose to go to Trick Art Museum or Alive Museum. Both are about the same, you pose and take funny photos with the exhibits. The Alive Museum is divided into 5 sections, Trick Art, Object Art, Digital Art, Sculpture Art and Provence Art. If you follow the route, after the first three, you will get to the outdoor Sculpture Art. The last section, Provence Art is basically a large room with a lot of large-sized stuff dogs in Provence village setting. The dogs are not as cute as the teddy bears at Teseum. I think Alive Museum is more suited for teenagers and youg adults visiting in groups, it should be more fun for them.
A must go attraction in Jeju!!
It has many cute and unexpected backdrops for photography. We spent 3 hours and took many photos here. It was dark when we went out the museum and couldn't  take many shots with the arts located outdoor. We miss this lovely place!
Good for a little prankish photos
Generally a fun and interesting exhibition, due to the interactivity of the exhibits/3D photos. However, if you are expecting a large variety of interaction, you will be slightly disappointed. About halfway through the museum, most exhibits start to feel similar. More enjoyable for teenagers-like crowds. Recommend about 1-1.5 hours for the whole museum.
Good. Will be better if not so crowded.
It was very fun with all the interesting paintings to take photos with. Initially there wasn't much crowd. Halfway through, suddenly there was an influx of Korean students and it was very difficult to take photos with each and every painting. It was better near the evening when the students left. Conclusion: worth going!
Three words to describe "fun"
The art is so real and creativity is the most appreciated from this museum. Long walk through the hall with many art picture along side you. At the end there's cozy cafe and beautiful garden. Unfortunately when we visited there it was raining so we can't play and took photo at the garden.
a place to take many trick photo ~
this is a place to take many trick photo. Some looks totally great on photo while perhap others may not. A lot of lying down pose is needed and we spend hours inside taking all kinds of photos. Had a lot of fun with my gals. But the location is a bit out of no where so be cautious if you gotten go in the evening and head out when night falls because the distance to walk out and the darkness is totally far and dark. Get the reception gal to help call for cab if needed. Oh ya, we miss out those that are outdoors as the dark falls when we are done with the indoor photos.
Definitely worth a visit with kids
We went as we read many positive feed-backs from families and we were not disappointed. All our family enjoyed it to the last minute, including also the garden outside and the cafeteria.My only strong suggestion would be to do it either in the morning or early afternoon (enter before 2.00pm) as when we were leaving (5pm) the crowd was definitely bigger than when we got in. We walked back to the main entrance to still have a look and by that time it would have been almost impossible to take a pic without being interrupted many times by 'passer-by'.
New and improved trick art museum
one of the many trick art museums in Korea. The first bit has the usual pose-with-renaissance-paintings stuff, but if you don't have that much time, skip that stuff and make your way through to the end where there's a pretty cool arabian nights themed room where you pretend to run from giants, climb into the sky, or escape over burning bridges. the station where you pretend to skydive while strapped to a backpack on the floor is quite special. warning : wear pants when visiting this museum if you wish to avoid inadvertently flashing other tourists. the sculpture garden is nothing fantastic, and "little provence" is a bunch of stuffed dogs dressed in french peasant outfits in a lackluster room.
Great Place to take photo
For those going to Seoul Lotte world after visiting Jeju, please note that there are some pictures available in Seoul Lotte world too. Having said that, i still highly recommend you to visit this place. The photo is funny and your kids will surely love it. We spend around 2 hours inside taking all kinds of photo. The air-conditional place makes the stay more comfortable. There is an out-door venue but as it is still hot (9 sept) outside, we have given it a miss.
Even boring people become energetic
It's a perfect place for people to take photos.  It is spacious enough for you to take alive photos with a partner.  There is a photo-taking spot for the photographer to stand at.  There is a sample photo sticking beside the scene for the model to have an idea where he/she should pose.  It is so interactive but not suitable for a single traveller.  There are many zones in it and I didn't go to the zone outdoor because of the hot weather.  My family only chose half of the scenes to take photos but almost spent us 2 hours.  Leave more time if you want to take photos at all scenes.
Great place for some fun
There are quite a few of these in Jeju and Seoul. If you aren't the type to take photos at every painting then about an hour will be sufficient for the inside exhibits. It was raining so we didn't get to explore outdoors, pity. The little Provence village at the end with the big stuffed dogs makes nice pictures too.
Fun
We had some extra time so we thought we would check out Alive Museum thinking it would only take an hour. But it was actually very big. We probably spent 2 1/2 hours there and still didn't go to the outside part. But it was fun
Great picture moments
Many interesting paintings for great picture moments. Really fun taking funny photos and you will be surprised with the amount of creativity to put these pictures together. Pretty easy to locate if you drive and use a GPS. It is near Jungman beach so if you planning to head to the beach you can drop by.
Crazy Fun taking photos
Really had tons of fun taking ridiculous photo with my group of friends. Really great if your group of friends are the crazy type. Heard that this place is almost the same as trick eye but no idea cause i didn't go over to trick eye
Fun place to visit, nothing more
This place is exactly as advertised. If you have never seen this type of art in person before, then I guess it's worthwhile. But you must absolutely go with a sense of humor and at least one friend, otherwise you will forever be asking strangers to take your photo, which gets bothersome. And it's fairly crowded so you have to wait for people to clear out of your photoWithin walking distance of a few other notable museums and attractions in the jungmun area.
Needed more time
Our tour only gave us 40mins here. We wasted our time at the front, not realising the exhibits got much better further in.
Lots of fun.
Our two children loved this one. Easy to interact with and you leave with lots of funny pictures to bring home. Pizza at the restaurant was really yummy too. Nice break before you go out to the statue park in the back of the museum. Didn't seem to be well promoted - it's new and the first museum as you start on the road to the Jungmun Resort area. We took a cab from the Hyatt Regency (long uphill walk and potential rain) - less than 5000 won for the cab.
So so fun!!!! I love it here.
This museum is absolutely fun. From the moment I stepped in, it was simply hilarious. I have always loved historical museums but I love these interactive ones even more. I was supposed to go to the Trick museum but the concierge at my hotel recommended ALIVE museum. It was a walking distance from my hotel in Jungmun so I walked over. At the beginning of the street where this museum is, I saw a big sign but no museum. I had to walk a little bit before I saw the museum. I think they have to do better with the signs on the major street so visitors will be more informed on how to get there. It also looks like some wings are in still in construction. The road leading to the building looks like it needs finishing too.That being said, once you get into the museum, there are lots of interesting exhibitions and pictures. Most of them were famous painting s that we could interact with while taking pictures. It was fun watching other people interact with the pictures and sculptures as they took pictures. My favorites were the ALIVE Aquarium, the coiled python that was squeezing the life out of me, being a mermaid, being dinner, and fighting the leopard for my red suitcase. They are some sculptures in the museums grounds that are very interesting and interactive too. For just about $9 USD, I had a very memorable day in Jeju. This is one of my favorite attractions in Jeju Island. I highly recommend visiting the ALIVE museum while on Jeju Island.
So much fun!!
It's an interisting museum..worth for the price,which is ₩9.000. About 20min walk from Hyatt Regency Jeju.. 7min walk from Teddy Bear Museum..It's better to go at 3pm since afternoon was so many people and students,you need to queque for taking picture.. Best to go with friends either family,,enjoy a lot of fun here!!!
Fabulous fun!
Never been to such museum before so it was a very fun experience. Spent about 2 hours here taking tonnes of pictures. Feel like i'm 15 yrs old again. A must visit for the young at heart!
simply fun
Loads of photo taking & plenty of tourist. Taking photo was quite a challenge thank GOD we had our tripod.
Great fun
Lots of fun to tour around with friends or family and a camera. Can be crowded though. Nice restaurant with pizza and gelato just before you head into the big sculpture garden. My 5 year old daughter had a blast of a time there!
Nice but can be better!
the exhibits here are very interesting and wacky with camera placement tricks. but believe they can be updated with more new pictures and make it better!
Extremely fun
We visited this last for the day at Jungmun Resort since this opened till rather late (~8+pm). Last entry should be around 7pm since it would take you around 1 1/2 - 2 hours if you're gonna snap alot of the photos inside. If you are already inside Jungmun Resort, and are travelling in groups, you can take a cab to this place since it would not cost much and you can save the hassle of walking. The paintings inside are really cool and we had a fun time snapping photos away. Effects came out rather cool on the photos. There are several sections in the museum and each sections has its own theme. Definitely worth a visit and we really didn't regret it. Initially, we intended to spend only 1 hour in the museum since we really rushing off to other places in the night. We ended up spending 2 hours there. So do equip yourself with a camera and of course, have someone with you to take photos for you.
fun if you take pictures.
you cannot enjoy this museum if you go by yourself or you are without a camera.  Most of the paintings followed the same concept of using shadow to create the 3 d effect, but it is still fun.
Fun place to kill some time
Went to visit this place to kill some time before heading for dinner at night. I think it's the only attraction that opens until 8pm! Everything else closes at 5 or 6 I think. Had loads of fun taking funny photos :) Really didn't regret going to this place.
We loved it!
It was fun and great for all ages!. When you look at your pictures , it reqlly looks 3D! They have all kinds of 3D art, from known pieces of art, to even movie themes like jurassic park and Titanic.
Must go place!
This place is an entertainment on its own. Be sure u bring and extra memory card if needed =P Expect to take loads of photos here, and by photos, I'm not talking about plain boring ones, here everyone can be like a child again. The art in this museum are done to look 3D, as if you yourselves are part of it. I really had a great time here, I would say u need at least 2 hours in here as there are so many funny and amazing art to play around with. Let your imagination go wild here and be creative as there is so many poses you can do with the art. While I was there, I've been skydiving, escaping a hippo, rock climbing, creating art, falling all buildings, got my head chopped off...and many more X3
Great place to kill an hour and get some funny pictures
Some people may think this place is cheezy or stupid, but I think we had a lot of goofy laughs while taking pictures here.  The place has a bunch of 3D or interactive paintings to take your picture with to make you look like you're a part of the place.  I think it was worth the hour or so to come by and get some memorable pics.
Fantabulous!
We were recommended Alive Museum by our guide who wasn't so sure what it was all about. The facade is not like any other museums we had visited in South Korea..more like an American building. It actually reminded me of the movie 'Night at the museum'! When we entered we realized that it was all about 'trick art'. We ended up marveling at and trying out almost all the paintings. My whole family really enjoyed the exhibits. The museum is quite big and divided into several sections. There is also a nice, spacius cafe there which has fresh, delicious egg tarts among other ood and drinks sold. Just outside the cafe is a garden with many interesting sculptures which await you to join in. The museum which I thought would be boring actually gave my family a couple of fun and exhilarating hours!
Super Fun!
Worth a tour if you're in the area. Fun for couples, friends, or families. Has a decent restaurant and lots of fun trick art poses.
