A must-visit place to experience Korean culture and history
I have been to many traditional folk villages in Korea, but this Jeju Folk Village is one of the most beautiful folk villages in Korea. If you are a fan of the Korean drama Dae Jang Geum also known as Jewel in the Palace, you should visit this folk village as it is one of the filming locations of that Korean drama.Also, I highly recommend renting a hanbok to take beautiful pictures by walking around the village. We had only 2 hours to explore, but it wasn’t enough to cover the whole folk village. Here you can experience a unique activity – to read comics and even play games on mini arcade machines in a traditional house.
Great for experiencing traditional Korean Culture
Great for experiencing traditional Korean Culture. I recommend around 2~3 hours there. It's quite big and there's a lot to see, and experience. We went there during the first weeks of October and it was very green and lush. I think in summer and spring it's gonna be even more pretty. Different types of Korean housing and different lifestyle (farmer, student, worker, etc.) are portrayed very well and the tools they used are there to see. There is also a convenience store near the entrance which doesn't work with cash.
Jeju Folk Village
Jeju Folk Village is not very big and not small as well but it effectively demonstrates the history of Jeju tradition from the 1890s. Different types of villages were located systematically. While walking through different houses and villages, it feels like visiting a real movie shooting studio. Everything looks clean and real, just like somebody still leaving there. The real animals and bird kept makes it even more alive village. Some of the life-size dummies kept there to display the old traditions and clothes were remarkable. The posters in from of few houses indicated that those were indeed used in making popular movies or TV dramas based on the old lifestyle.Besides, there are various exhibition halls, performance hall, dram shooting sites, poultry farms, etc. which make it even more interesting. People can also even enjoy various folk games. It actually not only allow people to observe the traditional Jeju lifestyle during the 1890s but also allow people to get experience by playing folk games, wearing traditional Korean dress, etc. Thus, it is recommended to visit this place during a visit to Jeju.
Experience the traditional side of Jeju
I visited Jeju Folk Village on my last day of my trio to Jeju. Jeju Folk Village is a place where the traditional culture of Jeju and the history of the Korean language since the 1890s, the late Joseon Period Dinasty, are well preserved in their original state. You can experience Folks Customs Life, Folk games, Crafts and Traditional Folk events. I recommend to visit if you have time. Last day of the trip can be perfect because you can relax and go back home with a good feeling.
Historically amazing place!
Recommend for those who would like to have this atmosphere of historical drama vibes. Everything was done so detailed, even the mannequins were so real, I thought those are real people. Mostly was visited by Korean families to show to their kids how it was like before and I think it's something truly amazing because we all need to appreciate the past and do not forget it!
So much to see!
This place is much bigger than expected and has many things to offer - from various experience programs to photo zones and even restaurants. Great for families and pretty much anyone looking for a nice stroll through flowery fields with some fun on the side.
Only visit when you have the time
A village made up of Jeju houses. A large area but can be a tad boring after a while as it all looked the same. There are scheduled performances in the village but in the Korean language. Come here only if you have the time.
A visit to Jeju Folk Village
A visit to a old village with ancient type huts made of wood, brick and natural material. The local host would offer for sale local products and horse bone. I would skip this location, but had no choice as it was part of our packaged tour itinerary.
Interesting village for families
The village is huge, explaining about the cultures of jeju folks. Plenty of photo shooting corners, beautiful flowers, farm.There is also a shop renting korean traditional clothes (hanbok renting), where you can wear the clothes and walk around the village for photo shooting. the price is reasonable (comparable to those hanbok renting shop in jeju city)estimate to spend 3 hours there.youth and kids got discount for the entrance fee (do bring passport along)is a must visit spot if you come to jeju.
Interesting village!
it is unique ancient village, probably over 100 years old, pretty organized, quite.. something different!
Ancient Village at Jeju
Ancient Village at Jeju where we can still look the village from the past , mixed with today technology.The tour guide is very nice to tell us the story about this place and help us to take picture while we're here.We try the guide in Chinese and English.
A huge place of Jeju's past
We visited this place as we were told this folk village is a well maintained place compared to others. The entrance fee is KRW11,000 per person. We came here around noon. We went to the restaurant to have lunch which is just a few minutes walknas you enter the village however we were told that they are closed for a private function. We end up having junk food from the convenient store near the entrance. I wish they would have informed us much earlier or put up proper notice on the matter. Anyway we went ahead to discover the village. The paths are clearly marked and easy to navigate using the map. At each exhibit, there are signage but lack of the story for each place. Some of the buildings are not so well maintained. You can't enter most of the buildings. They is a cultural show which we managed to catch, which ran for about 40minutes. You need to check the timing for it. Overall, the place is nice but we wish we had a tour guide who is able to explain to us in detail sp we can appreciate the village and the history of it.
Not worth the time
At least Pyeoson Folk Village had more flowers and more greenery and smaller than this one sk you don't have to spend so much time walking around looking at basically the same hut in different locations.Not worth the exhorbitant entrance fee. I'd rather buy food with that money.
Make a stop & Enjoy
The Jeju village is 5 minutes from Hyeopjae beach, with plenty of restaurants and cafe nearby. It's a perfect place to start off your day or end it. It's a beautiful good size historical park with plenty of things to learn, do and it's kids friendly with lot of interactive events to include a mini zoo. I would definitely put it on the itenary and start enjoying or end the day.
Beautiful scenery
I had the most amazing picture under the deciduous trees and surrounded by beautiful yellow canola flowers.
Everything About Jeju
People say if you want to know about the place, you must understand the culture. So this place are all about it. They show the history of their lives, the culture, the utilities, the household, etc. A large place to walk to reach at each point but worth the knowledge. You have to pay the entrance fee just before entrance gate and they will provide you with the map/pamphlet according to your language.
Culture/ tradition
It’s very interesting place to visit, the Korean culture and history over there. However, no any play or preform when we were visited ( it was a very cold ) But it’s still fun. Worth to go as a tourist.
Back to the past...
All in a single location. We could go back and learn of the past.  There were even live animals in the pens e.g. black pigs, cows, etc. The village was also the location of various Korean dramas. Visitors could enter into the huts and experience how simple life was in the past.
Not bad
If you wish to understand Korean culture better, this is a must visit place as they have these display for better illustration for you understand. You can walk around the park nearby this Folk Village as we went there via Jeju City Tour Bus.
must go on correct day
Remember dont go on Wednesday, cause dont have performance on Wednesday.Basically is a place to let you know more about previous life in Korea.
Educational visit
Picked up some info on how the culture and how the locals used to live. Quite an educational tour.  They also sell some products like their honey and horse oil cream although they are rather pricey. They take cash and credit too
Traditional village museum
This is a museum depicting life in a traditional Korean village. Great place to explore and appreciate the scenery as there are flower gardens as well. Great place for photography.
It feels like walking in the past
I think i spent almost 3hrs here. I like the feeling  of knowing how Jeju looks like in the past. How they lived and what they do for living. The place tells more than a history but a place of appreciation. Im fan of historical drama so definitely love this place.
Worth the visit
Spend 1.5hours there. Autumn weather and view is amazing. 11000won per adult is quite pricey. Theres real animal in that museum
Museum that show some of the scene from korean dramas
Location is really big, finish the whole tour in around 2hrs time, u can estimate how big is the location... great views around, flowers, ancient equipment of plowing, fishing, saw a cage of chickens, ducks, peacock, saw ostrich, rabbits/ hares, deers and even horses. 1st time to see all the animals that near!!! ancient rooms that only seen in Korean dramas, understanding the famous things that in Jeju Island, 3 of many things
Underwhelming
The folk village was quite large with some interesting buildings but everything looked samey after a while. I was hoping to see a variety of performances on the stage but it was only a few songs sung by a group of women - charming enough but not what we were expecting. The foodie street also didn't have alot of stalls open though we did buy some cactus taffy which tasted like treacle and raisins and lasted us most of our trip in SK. One good thing was the interactive bits such as the old games children used to play. Having been in folk villages in other countries where there were people in traditional costumes showcasing different crafts and activity, the Jeju one was a little disappointing.
Must do when in Jeju to learn about Korean history and culture. Vast grounds and exhibits
Jeju Folk Village Museum as it appears on map for Jeju, is on the coast and is a must do for history and culture buffs. There are hands on exhibits that kids and adults can participate and use around the village. The park and museum is large and takes 2 to 3 hours at least. Perhaps longer to see everything without rush. We were quite impressed by the size, the crafts people making products, and the exhibits throughout. There are ample restrooms, snack shops, and Korean traditional products sold in the gift shop. There is also a restaurant on premise.The Jeju Folk Village attracts students from all over Korea as well as tourists from other countries. I highly recommend the park. There are beautiful floral blooms as well as animals, photo opportunities, and lots of traditional Korean history and culture to learn about. Well worth the price of admission. Plan to spend half a day here. Arrive early to avoid the crowds. There are some great gifts and candies to be found around the village including the traditional Korean taffy near the Hanbok photo place, and the gift shop.
Such a great place to learn about history and so beautiful!
I wish I had more time to spend here when I visited. It was such a great place and was very interactive. It was great to have the English audio tour available too as we learned so much more. So well laid out and I would highly recommend it to others.
Quiet Folk Village
Need a tour guide if not you will not be able to understand the differences of the houses. There are audio help for rent  available I think but we didn’t check it out as we have your guide. It takes around 1.5 hours to cover the place.
Huge place to experience Korea olden days
The place is huge and you can rent translator to explain the huge place at 2000won. Entrance Fee is not pricy but we do love it. Do go during spring as there's lots of flowers that start blooming when we go over.
Interesting
It is worth seeing these homes and way of life.  Of course they want to see  you something at the end but the short tour was worth it.
Unnecessary stop
A very few houses in old style and lengthy explanations treat your Patience. At the very end you can buy horse oil and horse cream, not an excellent idea
An Interesting Cultural Site
If you watched Korean Drama "Dae Jang Geum", some scenes were taken here.  It speak volume of this museum.  The whole walk may take 2 hours or so if you read the description. Well recommended.
Interesting place if one wants to know the culture of the older generations in Korea.
A chartered taxi for 5 persons cost 120,000 won from the Vistacay hotel area. This area is very far and one definitely needs to charter a taxi to this place as it is very difficult to get one. All taxis there are chartered.
Expect to have more information
spent 2-3 hours to walk through despite it was a hot sunny day.  The park is well designed and large, and showcases a number of house and building of old Jeju.  However, I would like to have more and completed information (in English).  For me, a foreign visitor, I have no interest in those scene for TV film making.  Again, the park grows different plants which impress me.
A little disappointing
The village was rather quiet and not as lively as in the pictures shown online. We were expecting to see interesting performance with some dancing. The actual performance was below par, with just 2 ladies playing stringed instruments. There were no animals around except for 1 horse. Most of the houses were bare. The Dae Chang Geum theme park touted was actually just a small hut with some boring exhibits!
A trip back to the olden times
Great place to experience how the early koreans lived. Learn more about their way of life by exploring the village. There are hands on experiences like grinding the corn, playing traditional games, pounding grains etc. There is also traditional folk dance performance daily. Really fun and interesting!
A peep into Jeju lifestyle a few centuries ago
From traditional houses, farms, fishing implements, dresses, herbs and musical instruments; all are recreated under the straw-thatched roofs in this pleasantly landscaped Jeju Folk Village cum Museum. Also included are jails as stark reminders of Jeju as the exiles' island.
Great day out!
A wonderful recreation of traditional living in South Korea with working areas, small demonstrations, food and gift shop areas. Very informative displays and examples of traditional life. Very worth the time, small entry fee and effort. Great day out.
Wonderful Excursion
Learning the culture of early Korean, way of life early development of Korea. The weather is fine, we enjoyed it.
Family with young kids
A good place to learn more about the historical & cultural of olden Jeju.Warm welcome to enter the village home n interesting story to be told.
knowledgeable and enjoyable walk
It was nice to walk around the village and learn about their culture. If you are not travelling on a tour or travelling with a tour guide which you can't understand (for my case, i am with Chinese Speaking tour when i don't understand), remember to borrow english speaking tour aid from the entrance, then you will enjoy well.
The original folk village in jeju
We tour around the place on how the folks lived their lives before. Our guide also explained the statues found outside the village and how many of them were divers, men and women.
Historical
We went there on January, so the weather is a bit cold. It's nice to walk around and learn more Korean Culture.
Short visit
expected more things to see but not much.overall,  ok coz learn about volcano and the wild life of jeju island
Nice place to learn more on culture
Great attraction to be included onto your Travelling plan. It provides insight to the natives lives in the early days and you can experience by checking some of the house yourself by going in and take a rest. Entry is 10000 won and tour takes about 2-3 hours if you check out all the places. Don't miss the donkey, black pigs and cows.
Jeju folk village museum
Today is the last day in Jeju but since the plane is evening time so we went to Jeju folk village museum.It's worth visiting there! Every one of us really enjoyed ourselves going to learn their traditional style and ways of living! Furthermore the place is very beautifully designed,making us just want to know what that's waiting ahead of us as we go along!I'll visit this place again if ever to go to Jeju again!
Nice cultural place
Nice place to learn heritage of Korean in the old days. Route is little bit disorganise. May be lost during the trip. But overall the environment is very nice to learn the history of Korean.
A simpler kind of life
This is a great village to wander round and get a glimpse into how people lived on the island many years ago. Some houses are actually still used, but have obviously been modernised to a certain extent. Quaint and it sort of seems artificial but then you realise that actually some of the houses people are living in now are not that different in some of the little villages.
Well imitation of Earlier century living
The folk houses built well imitating earlier century jeju do livings. You can experience the way of living of older jeju do resident. Kinda way of knowing and understanding of Jeju resident. The living plant and animal were well maintain.
Very attractive
I think it's an very attractive place to visit where you will learn the past and culture of local. The Korean drama Daejanggeum was filmed here as well. We also have chance to have a very nice bulgogi lunch there.
Not Amazing
The place is nice but not a must. It sure shows you some korean culture, there is also korean restaurant and other food spots like natural hallabong juice (orange) which I really liked. All I can say is that if you are a fan of korean culture, go; if you are not, I'd rather go to the beach, falls.
Good representation
Many of the interactive segments were closed but it was still interesting. A beautiful sunny day allowed us time to stroll and take in the grounds. Lucky to come across an artist who worked wonders with wood.
Transporting to historical moment!
South Korean is really great at preserving their historical stuff! One of many historical village. Love it. Beautiful experience and amazing views never seems to stop form fascination with their cultures. Oh, this place once a shooting scene as well. Dae Jang Geum, I supposed!~
Travel back in time!
A great place to learn about past Korean living. There are old Korean village homes to visit, relive how the Koreans lived before the modernization took over. Only beef I have about this place is that on the weekends, all the shows are cancelled. In the U.S., people usually go to places like on the weekend and there will be shows and performances, but in Korea, their actors and dancers take the weekend off... what the heck? I hope the Korean Ministry of Tourism and Travel read my comments... PLEASE HIRE MORE ACTORS AND DANCERS FOR THE WEEKEND!!!
Very interesting
Our guide added this on to our tour as we had a bit of time free, and it proved to be very interesting and informative. You wouldn't need a lot of time to visit, so maybe an hour or 90 mins would do, but proved to be a lovely insight into Korean life. We particularly liked the story behind the number of wooden logs the put across their front gates whe the villagers go out, ask your guide!
Very authentic looking reproductions of Jeju villages
We had a very good time discovering the different houses that corresponded to different areas of the island and different social statuses. The re-enactement was excellent. Very relaxing stroll, beautiful landscaping.
many traditional Korean cottages, not much else
can stop by if you are around the area or driving through, not much to see unless you're interested in Korean folk history.
Great place to learn about Korea
The folk village is truly a great place to learn about traditional villages in korea. The Village is very big and it took my fiancé and i 2hours to roam the whole place. I do recommend to people who would like to know more about the old korean culture.
Place to learn history of Jeju Island
This is the place for learning Korean peoples about their living styles, daily activity, study and gaming during past time period. It's a dram filming location as well. Nice to visited.
Interesting place and lots of history to learn
It was raining when we went (but had no other choice to fit it into our packed itinerary) so we bought raincoats at the tiny souvenir shop before entering. Because of the rain there weren't alot of other tourists, but we also could not fully enjoy the place since it was basically like an open air museum with buildings that mimic the traditional houses. There were some traditional games and tools lying around for tourists to play with too. It was still very interesting though, and we enjoyed reading a little bit of history of jeju at each area.
Traditional Jeju Island
In this place, you will learn history of Jeju Island people. The houses, how they lived, what they did in daily activity and their natural products. It's always good to know traditional knowledge from around the world. Don't forget to take pictures! :)
Back to the Past
Entrance fee cost KRW10,000. We got 10% discount after show the discount voucher. No need to print, just show the picture from mobile phone will do.There are more than 100 houses in this place.Among them are Mountain Village, Hill Country Village, Fishing Village & Shamanism Village.With the traditional houses complete with the small plantation and livestock, it feel like we was teleported back to the 1890s.Everything here looks and feels so authentic.There are also various folk games, which include jegi, skipping rope, swing etc.The village is a place various dramas and films are made.There are 13 set places built for dramas inluding Jewel in the Palace, The Slave Hunters, Merchant Kim Man Deok, Tamna the Island etc.There are signs to show exactly where each one was filmed.
Made Famous By The Korean Drama
My wife was bowled over when she saw the poster of the actress in the famous Korean drama - Jewel In The Palace.  Walking through the grounds, we were told that the drama was filmed on site and visited the villages and houses.  It brought back nostalgic memories of the show, capping the highlight visiting the exhibits.  But if you are not a fan of the drama, the village is still a good place to visit to get a good idea of the traditional Korean homes during the Joseon era.
Surprisingly good
I visited and stayed the night in a traditional village on the southern part of the mainland, and this was still a great additional experience. It's a great deal with your ARC if you're a Jeju resident, but not too expensive for non-locals. The village itself has really good English signage, regular performances, and lots of artists doing traditional work that is for sale and on display. Over-all it's much less hokey and more educational than expected. I'd definitely recommend it!
Its good place to get to know how Korean people lived on Jeju
Its good place to get to know how Korean people lived on Jeju do island. There are houses of all kind of people like craftsmen, usual habitants, prisoners and etc. Also some photos of women divers from Jeju. Its probably better to use a guide since all information is in Korean and  there are several traditional korean games on the ground that need to be explained. There are several shops inside: some craftsmen shops like wooden crafts and caligraphy and also souvenirs and some local candy. We enjoyed our walk here. Its nice park that also got some ponds and small waterfalls. Its quite big one also. fee amount is 10000 krw per person.
Cultural Heritage
This is a place where you can see some old houses of Korean people. And some famous Korean Drama made their scenes here. The place is properly maintened and the cleanliness is awesome.
Come here to feel the way ancient local people's life.
Take picture with the unique statues. Listen to the local guide to understand how their ancestor's life. Do you know the 3 things Jeju women fight to keep for life: 1) Water, 2) I forget, you can ask if you visit but the last thing I remember: 3) MAN. :))
Most people don't love history enough to endure this level of detail.
There's a lot to try and absorb in this open air museum. Maybe too much for your average tourist. I mean, the somewhat authentic reproductions were cool for the first three or four structures. I enjoyed having a window into what life was like for peasants 100 - 300 years ago and/or the actors who currently play them in historical television dramas. However, the minutia became simply overwhelming, especially since there was a tendency to focus on the details as if everyone lived and breathed Korean archaeology. There was also a fairly obvious and persistent attempt to commercialize on cheesy trinkets. Some of the "traditional wares" were okay, but I think you can get better quality at lower prices elsewhere. The same can be said for the food. The reenactments of wedding ceremonies and shaman rituals were entertaining, and the kids could ride ponies. All in all, I was glad to end my tour of this facility. It was a rather pricey way to spend an hour or two. If you were in the area, or you have a passion for such things, maybe give it a try. However, I think there are far better ways to spend your time on Jeju. *You can catch bus 720 at the Bus Terminal for 3,300 Won. The trip takes a little over an hour:http://www.rome2rio.com/s/Jeju-si/Jeju-Folk-Village-Museum*Here's a Jeju Weekly piece that might give you a better idea of what this place is all about:http://www.jejuweekly.com/news/articleView.html?idxno=4196
Interesting glimpse into the lives of the natives
There are stalls among the thatched huts and you can try to talk to the elderly villagers selling things like candies and wooden toys.
Cultural Heritage a must Experience
To fully enjoy cultural heritage it is recommended that you spent few hours reading and inspect all the objects that represents it.Even though it was raining during the time I visited I enjoyed the Folk village because they have a very interesting culture and history dated thousands of years.In each places represents how the Koreans house hold systems, livelihood and government are highly organized.I also enjoyed the art exhibit and felt honored meeting the National artist.  He even gave me one of his works on display!After roaming around you might want to experience authentic Jeju cuisine by dropping at the Traditional Market inside the Folk village at reasonable price. Oh, don't forget to try the Cactus candy!It's just unfortunate that we haven't witness any Korean traditional wedding ceremony that day due to rain.This is much better Folk Village to visit as it is bigger than the other nearby.
Interesting Look Back in Time
If you are looking for a cultural experience on Jeju, then this is the place for you.  Lots of interesting exhibits, all outside. It is a nice peaceful place to visit for the whole family. Needs more interaction with visitors to get 5 stars.
A great look back into history
I initially wasn't too keen on visiting this attraction as it was a hot day and inside the village it looked even hotter, but via peer pressure I went in.I ended up really enjoying myself and although all the houses look the same, it was still a very nice walk and large enough that it keeps you occupied for sometime.If you're into Korean Drama's, you would most likely really like this place along with killing some time.
All you see from the historical Korean drama came live
It is as though you went back in time and visit Korean during the ancient times... A must go place especially if you are a fan of historical Korean drama.
Could have more entertainment value
It was nice to see how people live in thatched roof in time before however after a while you kind of see the same stuff.  For those who watched Korean movies , you will be able to identify a few sets there.  I wish they would have more entertainers maybe dressed up in period costumes  walking  around.  Managed to catch a short drum performance which was entertaining.  There is a small Korean eatery which serves nice bimbimbap.
Feels like back in good old days
I was alone but it was really great. The only negative thing that nobody took pictures of me. The place is huge, so you better have 2-3 hours time if you want to visit every place. And the audio guide really helps and it costs only about $2. And we can experience a few things in there like wood crafting, or wearing hanbok, or playing traditional game. In weekdays the have train service, which you can ride for free.
Very informative tour
The tour was able to teach us about a brief history of Jeju Island. It  was in this village that we discovered the importance of Dol Hareubang.Note: They have really delicious omijah (3 year old juice)!
Jeju culture
In here can see the traditional house structures of olden jeju people.And the living style of olden Time. The tour guides explain the customs of jeju people as well.
Cross history
historical and features rich national customs and culture.  I feel the time is going backwards, as if back to the past.
Brings Us Back to The Past
We came just after the rain stopped. Love the layout of the whole place. Instantly brings you back to the past, there are real people - Craftsmen, Painter, Potter man on the respective "villages" with living animals - chicken, black pigs, goats, horses. It is a nice experience. There are old "games" for you to try on. Saw traditional drummers along the way. You can have greater understanding on how the past Koreans houses based on their occupations - fisherman, farmer, locksmith, painter. There are school, police station & court house too. Few of the famous Korean dramas been shot here, namely Jewel In The Palace.  A worker told us if we came on a non rainy day, there will be more activities. Entrance fee is on higher side - 8,000 Won/ Person but it is worth a visit.
If you like a piece of history
I like to visit sites like that this because it gives you a flavor of how folks lived in the olden times before electricity and indoor piping.  They have houses made with stones and have their toilets outside  using the "pig system".Meaning pigs eat the waste.  There are still people living in the area and i am just amazed how far technology and evolution we have gone through.  I cannot imagine living in this environment especially the cold of the winter,
Understand their culture
Out of our surprise no entrance fees needed when you visit Jeju Folk museum. There was a guide that told us about their culture and was a nice experience for us and even the kids. The village was small but a nice encounter. An hour is more than enough.
Interesting, but not that interesting.
We came here after going to the crater. We wandered around a bit, and it was ok just not great- maybe it would have been better if we had purchased an audio tour. If we ever come back to Jeju I wouldn't come back here. They did have some really yummy cactus taffy we purchased though and that was fun. The best part of this place were the old games. I think this place would be better for families with small children.
Nice reproductions of old Korean houses
There was plenty to see with different villages (hill, farming, fishing, etc) which gives a very nice introduction to how people lived in olden Jeju.
back to 1890
Jeju Folk Village is an outdoor museum that places various houses in Jeju during late 1800s. It's a good place to bring your family to learn about the lifestyle in Jeju back then. It is located nearby Seopjikoji, hence it can be included in your itinerary if you're visiting nearby.However, if you're into adventure, or a crowded place like a city, you would not want to visit this museum. For me, I enjoyed learning, hence my short visit to the museum an hour before its closing time was a pleasant one.
For interest in historical Korea only
Lots of historical houses. I would suggest getting the audio guide if you haven't seen these types of asian history areas before.However saying 'museum' doesn't do the place justice as it's a vast expanse of space that will take a few hours to walk through if you listen/read all the info descriptions.Good for photos
Back in time
A family friendly place that you should visit in jeju. Tell in details different type of layout of houses back then.
Interesting, but no more.
If you happen to be nearby, drop in and take a look.... but, I wouldn't go out of my way to visit the place.It was nice and quiet, but not enough to do and see to warrant a trip here.
Awesome yet not
Awesome if you are into histories but if you want more adventure of sort, this is not the place for you. I enjoyed the tour though. learned a lot about old koreans. We actually went here last December 2012.
"Time stood still!"
If you want to experience the old way  of Korean life, this is the place to go and visit. This is one of my favorite places. We took a taxi from Hyatt to here and it took us roughly 45 minutes. The cab driver was nice even though we were not able to communicate well since he was not well-versed in English.
Beautiful garden & farm
While learning about the life of Jeju folk village, we enjoyed the gardens, farms and orchards. They are beautiful and being taken care well. It was our first time that we saw cabbage with flowers.During our visit, it was almost toward the end of closing time and probably that's the reason there're not many visitors.
History Is Alive
Many Korean villages are reproduced so as you walk you glimpse at the way of life from long ago.  Korean dramas are filmed here and we were able to watch filming.  You can try your hand at games, arts and crafts as you wander through the various areas and there  is a free train for those who prefer to ride. The blooming flowers and trees made for beautiful pictures.  This was one of our favorite places we visited while in JeJu, it should be on your list of places to go!
Happy with it
How to get there from intercity bus terminal?- Bus no. 720, bus fare is 3000won.- Journey time around an hour. (Bus stops right outside the museum).To return to bus terminal, take the same bus no 720 and bus stop located at the parking space.
Shooting Place of Korean Drama "Daeganggeum"
This place is huge with lotsa huts, garden with lovely flowers and even souvenir shop! Best place to experience and learn olden Korean living. We are too lucky to bump into a group of actor and actress filming new movie there.
Could have been more lively
While there are numerous exhibits, and really very well kept, the visitors are few.  The signs are not that great, and there is a lot of walking required.
Boring for me
I don't know if i didn't like folk stuff or the place really doesn't engage me at all. Won't really recommend for younger audiences
HUGE!!!
The Koreans we were traveling with said that this was the largest folk village they had ever been to.  It is very large, with many many huts, buildings and gardening examples.  Sunscreen and good walking shoes are a must.  This is not a quick in/out place.  There are several restaurants inside.  There is a Jeju cactus fruit taffy shop inside that will give you free samples - so yummy we had to buy a few bags to bring home!This is also a popular tourist destination, but the place is so big that it never felt overcrowded anywhere we were except the entrance.  There are waterfalls, a maze, flower gardens, and many little shops tucked in here and there all over the place.  There are restrooms near the main entrance.If you want to experience an almost overwhelmingly large example of Korean folk history, this is your place!
very traditional cultural place
this place offers audio guided tour which we loaned, kind of gotten lost along the way and didnt really follow the sequence. there are many interesting places to see but more of less are quite similar with regard to the houses and all, the area is big and spaced out. it will be great if there are a little more resting areas/bench along the road for visitors to rest along the way. better wayfinding would be good as well.
It was very nice!
I read (other places) very bad reviews about the village. I was about to take it off the list. Im glad i didnt. Of course the place is not 100% original, they have to keep renewing it in order to preserve as muchas they can. I loved it, i even took pictures where my favorite Korean dramas where filmed!. Most of the areas are paved but it was great fo me since it made it easy to walk with the stroller.
Small area but somewhat interesting
Its only a small area where people are still actually living there! Not much to see but I was captured by the fields filled with yellow canola flowers! ITS BEAUTIFUL!
A must place to learn the Korean culture
Well, this place was big. Need to prepare to walk if you're going at non-peak hours. Why? due to the train not moving. This place features Korean village, cultural show, donkey / house riding, costume trying & a beautiful setting to get some nice pictures. We enjoyed solid 1-2hours walking. But having to travel with small kids its quite tiring. Anyway, the replicas of houses & setting was great. Enjoyed buying some quality souvenir at the gift shops. My kids just love the small maze park. I don't op for a tour guide but a head set was just enough for us to make us understand the place.One thing for sure they're snakes wandering around the place. While walking we come across 2 snakes (small). My kids was terrified! So need to be extra careful for those who bring little kids. Another set back was the small shop selling fast food. I know there's a barrier problem in language but they seem to ignore foreign tourist due to the fact we cant communicate well with each other. Very hard to buy stuff. Water! walking makes you thirsty. Pro's :- The head set helps to understand the place even-though not so many point haves explanation. Perhaps its an area for improvement.Con's :- Snakes? YikesOverall the place was ok. But will not come again..
A remarkable museum.
This collection of old houses and replication of villages was fascinating. One could really understand the way of living in the old times when getting up close to the stone construction and thatched roofs and garden plots. This is a perfect walking area for anyone and especially families. As an added bonus the little restaurant on site was reasonable for local dishes.
Historically captivating
This site explains everything one needs to know about the island's historical past.  It has a long walkway leading one through outdoor exhibit areas, each section with attendants who can give information.  There also was a traditional musical performance available to view.  It was chilly when we were there, so we left earlier than desired, but if we had known there was a cafe in which to warm up and perhaps have lunch, we could have made a day of it.  One perk of going in February was that the crowds were very, very small here, and at other locations.
Village museum
It features Korean ancient village, type of houses they stayed, their work places, their farms, their lifestyle and others. It's a huge place so be prepared to walk a lot. The biggest draw here is the famous actress Lee, her famous tv series was shot in one part of this village. It has a small exhibition house displaying things used in that tv series. Enjoy visiting this place if you are her fan otherwise you might just feel its just another garden. There was one thing interest me, there were beams and beam holes in front of each village house, by placing different number of beams it's actually telling others whether its widow's house or available or man at home. Be reminded it takes up a lot of the time for visiting this place, may skip and visit other indoor museum.
Village Museum or SALES PITCH?!
The description at each stop was brief, brief, brief. I wonder why we came here...What took the longest amount of time??? The darn sales pitch conducted by a Korean auntie who claimed to be a BIG star just because she acted once in a local drama. The sales pitch was held inside a shabby shack. As it was winter, the stuffiness was still bearable. Can you imagine if you came in summer??? With her broken Chinese (she turned to our tour guide for any sentences containing slightly more complex grammar), she enthusiastically tried to sell us this & that, especially her biggest profit spinner - honey. She did not let her lack of fluency in Chinese stop her from making big bucks out of tourists. Not only that, she even tried to sell us the many "benefits" of her empty honey glass bottle! Namely, what we could do with it after we had finished eating the honey - Coin bank, kitchen container, blah, blah, blah & blah blah blah. Yakkity yakkity yak. She gave those who wanted to try a tiny teaspoon of her honey. And at the end of her sales pitch, instead of letting tourists approached her if they were interested in buying, she walked to each & every one of us while we were still seated (!) to ask if we wanted to buy. I think this must be because she knew that we would all walk out without buying anything if she just stand there & wait for people to come to her. So she took the more aggressive approach. Unfortunately, I fell for her aggressive sales tactic & had to fork out a hefty sum for her "unique" honey. I say 'hefty' sum because when we were at the airport waiting to transfer for our flight to Seoul, we saw a souvenir shop selling the SAME honey at a price which was 10,000 won LESSER than what the darn old woman sold us!!! Oh man, we were all so pissed! We had been cheated!!! Warning to tourists: Do NOT buy honey at this village museum!!!
Nice view for the old Korea
You'll take a glimpse on how Koreans were living in the past ages. The main thing there is that almost all the village looks alike, except for the names, and the Big Houses of Noble people in the ancient ages.Overall it's nice to visit but consumes a lot of time to visit the whole village
Disappointing!!!
As the name implies, we thought that this is the place where we can get to see and learn real Korean Culture and traditions but it turned out to be a disappointment.  The guide just gave a short description of the Jeju folks in the olden days.  Then we were ushered into a stuffy shack with no fans and windows all closed where the guide tried to introduce us to some kinds of health tonic, honey and capsules made from horse's bone.  When none of us shown any interest to buy anything, we were just left there in a lurch.  It was one of those compulsory shopping trap in a tour package.Not worth wasting  time there.  There are many better places to visit in Jeju island.
Historical drama shoots...
Nice way to enjoy the history of korean lifestyle in the past and at the same time, walk through some of the shooting locations of the popular K-dramas...great use of the massive landspace and attractive to both young and old...my little gal enjoyed feeding the goats and other lil animals in the village...
Very Cliched
Tacky, cheap and nasty.  Not very educational, more like a souvineer hunt.   Would not be keen to return.
very hot on summer
nice place to walk around and see the korean culture. Since it is an open museum, it is very hot during summer, prepare your cap or umbrella even sun glass if you dont want to get burn. But if you like to take cultural pictures and natural flower, this is the place. the location is quite far from downtown. I was with a group tour and i dont really recommend for a solo visitor to visit unless you have other purpose to come, i.e to learn korean culture etc. Also, perhaps it would be more fun, if you visit with a guide that could explain what is behind the miniatures.
Historical cultural village
Luckily we went there with tour guide. He showed us some special things that only the old folks used and explained on some daily chores for the old folks on lower class hierarchy, unlike the palace in Seoul. It is free entry. So, it's worth for a short visit.
there's really nothing much here
There's nothing here. just a bunch of replica houses...and sales talk to sell you some expensive apple cider, horse bone powder and honey....
Excellent!
My wife and I had a great time.  There was no sales trap that some people mention here (maybe because we weren't part of a tour group..)Highlights: Gorgeous flowers everywhere, Female drummers performance, Dressing up in traditional outfits, seeing traditional houses.
Nothing exciting
The place is actually quite big but it seems to duplicate the little corners everywhere. It shows you the olden houses of the farmers (ranging from poor farmers to rich farmers and so on). Can give it a miss if there isn't ample time to cover everything!
Insight into past
We did only this folk village with my family and friends. This recreated the feeling of living a long time ago in korea, it communicates well the differences of different backgrounds. We did not hire the audio guide and we had two korean speakers with us who were able to read everything. It was fabulous for my kids to see and touch most of the displays, plenty to keep them occupied. We saw a dance and others getting photos taken in wedding costumes and a Korean Drama being filmed. Overall the experience was a good cultural morning out. We did not eat there as we were meeting friends for lunch but it looked very traditional
Sales trap!!!
I was so looking forward to visiting this museum to learn about the history of the island... after about 15 min tour and seeing only 2-3 homes (from outside), we were ushered into a mosquito infested shack for a 20 minute presentation of their icky old fermented tea that they were trying to sell as miracle supplement. It is very sad that they use these tactics to raise $$. I would've gladly donated money if they did not waste what little time I had in Jeju telling me about supplements I have no interest in.  This was second trap that day scheduled by the tour company (the first one was at some other 'museum' that was selling ginseng products that were outrageously expensive).  urgh!!!!
Nice Museum But the One in Seoul Is Better
This little folk village was located right next to our hotel (Haevachi) so we figured we should check it out.  We were spoiled because we had just gone to the folk village and that is the bomb!It is only about $8 for admission and then we opted for the audio tours.  Most of the written signs are not in English so I'm glad we had the audio tours but they didn't work very well.  They are tripped by some sort of sensor when you go by but mine kept skipping back to the original message, ugggg.It's a very large complex but somehow unauthentic feeling.  I thought the neatest part was the artisans that sell their crafts.  That was cool and they do have a nice gift shop.  It was very hot out so we went through fairly quickly.  If it hadn't been so hot we might have spent much longer just exploring.If this is your only opportunity to see such a thing then I would visit but if you have the chance to see the folk village in Seoul then I would wait for that one!
