Sanbangsan Mountain - A Geo park
Sanbangsan Mountain is a wonderful bell-shaped huge body of lava situated nearby the ocean. At few places, it stretches into the ocean where majestic rock structures can be seen. Almost vertical cliffs with columnar joints at this mountain are impressive. This mountain is visible from almost everywhere in the southwest plains of Jeju. Also the legend associated with this mountain is very interesting. According to the legend, it was plucked out from the Hallasan Mountain peak by the angry Emperor when he got hit by a misfired arrow that was shot to white deer. Interestingly, it is said that the circumferences of the Sanbangsan Mountain and the crater at Hallasan are of similar size. The Jeju Olle Trail Route 10 is connected to this mountain by stairs. A Buddha temple, huge Buddha statue and the caves on this mountain are very beautiful.  This mountain along with nearby Yongmeori Coast are highly recommended especially to those who love coastal cliffs and interesting rock formations.
Such a nice visit
Really great place with amazing sceneries. It was really nice seeing Sanbangsan this close. if you decide to go up to the shrine, make sure to wear comfortable shoes, it's a bit of a hike.
Lovely place in Jeju
A "walkable" mountain for elderly. Enjoyed the very good view at the top on the mountain. I'll be there if I go Jeju again. For sure
Windy and rainy walk towards the mountain.
The mountain's peak itself was covered with fog signaled rain will soon came pouring. I did not hike the mountain as the weather is somewhat not on my side. Just walk along the canola field in front of the mountain and snap some photos. There are paid field if you want to take photo with better view costs around KRW1,000. I walked down heading to Yongmeori Coast but ended up in a small snack shop called Mongma Reukabuden. The shop owner is very nice person. While I had my Cheese Octopus Bread with Hallabong Juice, the rain started to pour down. It was just drizzling at first, as I finish my last bite of the octopus bread, the drizzles turned to somewhat heavy downpour. The shop owner's wife generously gave me a new raincoat that never been used. Though they were speaking in local Korean and all I could understood bits and pieces of what she tried to convey in her effort to tell me to have this raincoat with no charge. I was solo traveling and generous shown by strangers really moved me ㅠㅠ For that piece of raincoat, I humbly thanks them!
Lovely gentle hike with great views.
We enjoyed a pleasant walk up the steps to the temple at the top and wandering around the lower temple. Enjoyed a tasty hotdog lunch from the sweetest woman at cafe next door (sunny house) and a delicious peanut ice cream too. Great morning visit before walking down to the beach.
Beautiful views and Buddha Cave
Really nice walk up some steps to a cave on the mountain with a Buddha inside for people to make offerings. There is a temple below with beautiful statues and stunning views of the sea. Worth the short hike up the stairs.
Beautiful View
Considered one of the ten best view points of Jeju, this attraction is not to be missed, One can enjoy this visit if you like to soak yourself or would like to find yourself among the clouds. On a foggy day, one can easily miss the existence of this mountain.If you are visiting during winter or rainy season, better to plan the visit during afternoon as one can have a magnificent view from the top without much clouds around.This mountain believed to be formed by the volcanic lava houses the Sanbang-gulsa Temple and the Bomunsa Temple.It also has other attractions as Golden Bhuddha, Tea Shops etc. Once on the top one can see the ridge called the Dragon Head where a memorial has been built for Hendrick Hamel the first westerner who was the first to introduce Korea to the western world after his ship got wrecked. This mountain is believed to be used as a watch tower and smoke used to be sent out during the day or fire was lit during the night if any urgent message was needed to be conveyed.Climbing the steps would be a little tough for those who are not regular walkers and for the old.
Worth the visit
Is a UNESCO. There is a temple at the bottom of the mountain. And there is a Buddha sitting in the cave in the mountain. U have to climb few hundreds stairs up to reach the cave, is about 394m height. My doggy was sick during my trip in jeju. So I pray to the Buddha at the temple, and 1 day after I prayed, my doggy has some improvements. He was sick for almost a week with the white blood cells keep increasing and to the stage that doctor suspected it might be blood cancer. Now, he has all recovered. I’m so thankful. 这间庙还蛮灵验的 🙏🏼
Peaceful area
The mountain and associated temples and caves are peaceful in the middle of a busy island. The weather is different that lower areas. Hot, rainy, humid, etc. I would take time to visit!
Beautiful mountain; spiritual place
This mountain is definitely worth a visit. I recommend a nice espresso and carrot juice at the bottom at Lazy Place Cafe - cool place with great views. It takes a little effort to get up to the cave with the water falling from the ceiling but well worth it especially if you’re a spiritual person. The other temples are serene. It is an UNESCO site of outstanding natural beauty with an historical layer at the coast below. A Dutchman was shipwrecked here in the C17th and wrote the first description of the Kingdom of Korea published in the West. I had a wonderful time with my girlfriend. Close place to stay is Mirabil.
Windy but worth it!
Very pretty and not too taxing walk to add to any outings on Jeju. Our day was a little foggy, but the view was still amazing with the Spring growth just starting to show. Lots of other attractions in the near vicinity makes it a good spot to include in a day out. The short but steep hike up to the 'temple in a cave' provides some lovely views on a good day and there are several other attractions at the base of the walk including the Big Golden Buddha, temples, tea shops, the Dutch ship and rock walks. Enjoyable.
There is a room in the mountain.
The name of this mountain means that there is a room in the mountain. The mountain room has a mysterious statue of Buddha and a view of the sea from the room. You do not need much time to explore this mountain. I recommend that you take a short tour in Mt. Sanbang and spend more time at nearby Songak Mountain.
Good views and small temple cave up in the mountain
We finally got a good, clear day.   Yesterday, at Sunrise Mountain, we had been in the clouds.     Some nice views down the coast.    Not a terrible tough or long hike to get to the end of the trail with a small temple cave.    Number of mostly coffee shops at the bottom and bathroom facilities.
Nothing special during Summer
I visited Sanbangsan Mountain after walking along the coast at Yongmeori Beach. It's a walk which takes around 30 minutes to get to the top, which is where you are allowed to reach. There is a really tall cave hole located on the top, with a Buddha where people will do some offerings. The view is quite nice. You can certainly come here for a walk. Overall, I will say it's an average spot.
Mesmerising Mountain
We visited this site on the last week of April when Spring was slowly starting. This place is simply mesmerising!!! The Canola flowers is just so gorgeous and the site of the mountain at the background adds beauty. Perfect for instagram. Worth a visit.
Visit for the Canola flower fields!
We went to Mt.Sanbangsan to visit the Canola flower fields that were littered near the foot of the mountain. We paid KRW1,000 to enter the flower field. Totally enjoyed taking photos here, with Mt. Sanbangsan as the perfect backdrop for the yellow flowers!
just for trekking not bad
just for trekking within 1hr, view & overall environment not bad. also getting good view at the top. good for try it if you have time
Beautiful mountain and Yongmeori Cliffs
The mountain has a nice area of temples at the base and a UNESCO cliff along the beach so make sure you do both in one hit as the busses are infrequent from Jeju-Si. Great full day out!
Worth a visit !
Views are amazing from the top and the Buddha temple in the mountain is beautiful.Amazing rustic feel in the dome shaped temple.
worth a few shots
Place is breathtakingly beautiful. There are mountains and the sea. Great place to stopover and enjoy the view. Take a short stroll about 20mins downhill where the ship museum would be. Didnt go in but the exterior looks great enough for photos. Occasionally there will be a small carnival at the foot of the hilll and also a small group of barn animals.
So much to do in 1 location!!!!!!
This was not part of my original plans but I'm so glad this was suggested to me!!! The mountain is gorgeous, along with the temples inside. If you walk further down the base of the mountain there are some different food places/cafes. ALSO  at the bottom of the mountain is Yongmeori cliffs!! I had no idea they were there. Such a pleasant surprise. I'm not sure why this place isn't more popular! Gorgeous.
Very pleasant interlude on Jeju
Sangangsan Mountain provides a short walk up stairs to a Buddhist temple and shrine. Only 1000 krw to enter. Even my teenage boys enjoyed the walk and the visit to the shrine where we were encouraged by a local to drink from the sacred water for our good health and fortune.
Not worth visit
You need to pay to climb up and stop at the observatory area, allow you to capture a nice view of the open sea. There's only a temple at the top of the track, and when i went there it was closed. Not worth to climb up until the cave/temple.
Really a good place!
Nature lovers find this place a most relaxing n peaceful place. You can spend number of hours without anyone. Go n feel the nature. Best place!
Unexpected views
The views are really great! It was totally worth the visit. Sunset views were amazing from there. The temples were really nice too.
Good Adventure
Walking along the sides of the mountain next to the open sea was quite thrilling for us seniors to say the least.  We had to be careful of our steps in the uneven stone/rocks which were wet.  But it all paved for a good adventure with lovely views, photo opportunity and a chance to take some great photos standing up on the rocks.  We enjoyed the visit.
Must visit if you are in Seogwipo.
Sanbangsan (산방산) isn't a really big mountain, but it has an interesting and distinguishable shape. It is about an hour west of Seogwipo by bus which stops conveniently right in front of the mountain.There is a nice temple at the base of the mountain called Sanbanggulsa (산방굴사) with a huge golden Buddha, a wonderful view of the town below and the ocean, and an army of miniature mint-coloured Buddhas (I think). All make for great photos. Further up the mountain (you can climb up a long flight of stairs) is a small temple in a cave with an even better view of the town below. Worth visiting if you have made it this far. There is also an interesting story about a monk who hid in the cave during a violent time (can't exactly remember details). Down below, south of the street in front of the mountain is a really, really nice coastal walk with impressive cliffs that have been ocean and wind-swept into wonderful formations. This place is called "Yongmeori Coast" and also makes for great picture. (Worth knowing that the coast closes during heavy rain for safety reasons.)(Also of interest in the area to some is Hamel's Ship (a replica/museum of an old Dutch ship that landed on Jeju ages ago and the story of the Dutchman that was held captive in the island) and horseback riding (though it's only in a circle). Could be good for kids, though these two are the least attractive for me, personally.)
Tough climb but view is quite nice
Many steps to reach the grotto mid way up. Have to stop to rest many times but view is quite good. Also can make wishes and prayers as lots of altars for different things such as eternal love and to be blessed with a baby.
It´s a wow place!
You must go!The road from the mountain to the sea is thrilling. The rocks, the beach, the mountain the environment, all worth I went there at the end of the day around 18 h and regret for being late
