Nothing out of the ordinary
If anyways in Jeju, you will most likely walk this street. It's rather boring. Has quite some restaurants which all seem to be mediocre (can't say for certain as we only tried one of them - which definitely was not a highlight of our trip) Head on to he southern part of the island to truly enjoy this beautiful island.
Short street fill with brands
If you go for brands (local and international), this short street is probably the place to go to on this part of the island. The street is closed to traffic so you could spend a while walking in comfort. The street is on the way to dongmun market and the underground shopping centre. Along the way, it also branches off into some kind of roofed shopping arcade which we did not visit.
A must visit street in Jeju
It is a hilly place with rows of eateries and shops. There are interesting street performances that are usually held in the evening. Look out for the shops where the local visit as they offer authentic Korean food. Do visit Gambit Gallery, an unassuming shop that stocks hand-dyed clothes.
Quite good!
Live performance, Korean bbq restaurants, souvenirs and churros, all my favourites found on this street!
Shop, Eat, Drink, Take Photos on Jeju's Bao Jian Street
Like the beaches that surround beautiful Jeju Island, this pedestrian-friendly shopping zone is constantly evolving…different almost with each new day.Once frequented by students, the area was reborn in 2011 as Bao Jian Street to mark the arrival of nearly 12,000 Chinese tourists who were given a vacation trip to Jeju Island by their employer.  The street’s new checkerboard pattern now showcases fountains with colored lights, outdoor seating areas, Korean-style bonsai landscaping, statues, brightly colored neon street lights and, oh yes,  a TROVE of shops.  Specialties include cosmetics, trekking shoes and clothes, golf-specialty shops, hair and nail salons, jewelry (including a Korean jade store), local souvenirs, a handmade-leather-goods shop, restaurants, cafes, bars and boutique hotels.  Just off the main street, one can find bakeries, more restaurants, bars (including the locally brewed Jespi Beer) and more shops…one could spend an entire evening or longer just checking everything out.While most of the coffee shops and some stores are open during the day, this is a place that really comes to life in the evening.    All the colored lights sort of draw you in and along.  And note that while most of the street is closed to vehicles, there are a couple of active cross streets, so do look both ways before entering those intersections.Depending on when you visit, you may get treated to an outdoor concert.  In 2014, the local Culture and Art Division sponsored a street music fest during late summer and early fall.  (For information about future festivals or events, call 82-064-728-2714).  Although it can’t compare with, say, the night markets of Taipei or other larger cities, Bao Jian Street does provide a bit of balance to all the hiking and climbing many tourists do during the day.  You can definitely find some dinner and a few brews there, so check it out.  Interesting photo ops.
