Not much to do during bad weather
Soesokkak Estuary was a quick stop before leaving the Seogwipo city boundaries.  Normally, it’s a nice spot to enjoy a kayak ride or a slow raft ride but with the non stop downpour, we couldn’t get out of the area fast enough even though the area is scenic
Good and interesting, but not amazing
Place is good and interesting, but an averagely.Nothing too special. I've been there at the end of season (September) - so trail was closed and not possible to rent a kayaks as well.Maybe in summertime it a bit more interesting, but not sure :)
I do not recommend kayaking here
Only one of the passengers is allowed to row. No explanation of what is going on. My gf was upset she didn’t get to row. The staffs were very rushing. Did not give enough time for you to think. Everything from finding entrance to the activities and safety was very poorly organised. Plus, unbelievably rude staffs made me speechless. I would never recommend to go here for a kayaking. I do think the staffs need to be educated better.
Kayaking along the stream in clear waters
With a minimal fee of KRW10k, one gets to kayak along the stream for 20 mins. The water is clear and deep. Each wooden kayak can only take 2 passenger with only one person rowing. The catch is, the ticket counter is a distance away from the port. And the best time to go is on a weekdays. Weekends are usually crowded.
Indifferent
Was expecting more. I think once you are in Jeju you just feel like everywhere will be magical but when you reach places that give off mediocre vibes you tend to get disappointed. So don't come here with high expectations.This place is too touristy and honestly I'd rather kayak in Bali (actually water rafting there is awesome) or in Laos. Or even in Kota Kinabalu or Thailand.
Short hike
View is beautiful but too crowded It pretty amazing that such nature formation is almost perfect for taking beautiful shots which make the place looks so big in actual it is quite small Perhaps should have more viewing point or benches along the way  so can just seat n enjoy the serene  view
Nothing much
Nothing much here unless you wanna do kayaking. No doubt the view is nice but the visit only took us less than 10mins cos we are not doing kayaking. Entrance is free. You can drop by if you have extra times to kill.
Pretty, but nothing there.
We read some blogs that showed amazing blue-green water, kayaks and paddleboards, and lots of places to jump in and swim.  When we got there, we found some pretty views (including a pretty violent whirlpool that formed in the river as the tide came in), but ZERO activities. So it was a bit disappointing on that level.....but still, a pretty place for a stroll, and lots of cafes/shops/trinket-sellers around.
Peaceful Estuary
We came on a cloudy day, so the water didn't look as turquoise. So if you're opting for a blue-green picture for your Instagram, do come here on a sunny day. I like how it is connected to a black sand beach and the way how Koreans pile stones to make a wish tower makes me happy. 30 mins is enough for this place.
Used to be a fun place
It used to have some light water activity around but it has been stopped for some environmental conservation purposes. But it is still interesting to see where the streams meet the tide.
A beautiful place to take a stroll!
This is such a beautiful place! Right next to the seaside, the estuary is a great place to relax and take pictures. It’s very serene and great for visiting with family. It’s right next to a black sand beach where lots of people go to swim in the summertime. There is a cafe nearby called no. 183 that was very nice to relax after walking a bit. A must see when in jeju!
Beautiful, unique area
This canyon was created by lava flows.   When it rains, water can flow down from the mountain in to the estuary.    We were there during a rainy period and saw water cascading down.    Our guide said in a week or two the upper area might be completely dry and sea water would fill in much of the now being filled by fresh water.    Alongside the “river” and parallel road are a number of shops particularly close to the sea.    The beach at the end is black sand.    Really a beautiful unique area.
Pretty unique estuary
It's a beautiful estuary situated in a gorge. I went there as it's at the end of one of the olle hikes. I recommend doing the hike too, it's an easy one. It can get pretty crowded, though. It may be best to go on a weekday.
Relaxing picturesque area
It is a beautiful area which is part of an olle trail. A little bit difficult to get to via public transport as you have to time a couple transfers just right (if youre coming from Jeju-si). We came to ride the kayaks but they were not available. This might be due to it being winter but not 100% sure. Nice 30 minute walk around, hang around on the beach type place but not a whole day activity.
Picturesque
The clear turquoise water against black sand beach is really pretty. There were no kayaks available when i was there in autumn but it was also too cold for water activities. Otherwise, would have love to go for a swim. It is a nice place to just hang out with friends or pack a picnic lunch. The view is just spectacular.Highly recommended place to visit while in Jeju.
Beautiful
Crystal clear turquoise water and green lush forest. Really spectacular. Would definitely go again. There is also a black sand beach and many restaurants and curio shops. Great visit
Beautiful View
Love the view here because of the lush greenery. You will also be able to see that there're people going some Kayaking. But it depends on the season as well. There's also cafes nearby and once you're done with the view, you can also walk down along the coast towards the Yongdeum Rock (Rock that looks like a dragon). Definitely walkable distance With such lovely sea Breeze, and beautiful greenery. Do make sure you wear a hat and sunglasses if you're going in summer though.
Very pretty but disappointed that the kayaks were gone!!!
The scenery here is very beautiful and picturesque. However, the sole propose of coming to this location was because the reviews stated that you could kayak here. However, when we arrive we were disappointed to learn that the kayaks and other water sports were gone. In addition all the signs for the water sports were still up, advertising and pointing you to their location. None of the locals could explain to us why the company no longer was in business.
Amazing and Amazing
If you are near by or driving around the island, this is definitely one of the places to check. It's not the place to stay longer than 2 hours since the place is small. I would recommend to get off the car and take a walk around the water enjoying the scenic view for about 1/2~an hour. My family were there in May when it was not too busy. There were only a few locals jogging and walking so we enjoyed the quiet, peaceful and almost mystic moment there. The kayaks are no longer operating for the sake of environmental conservation. It definitely would have been amazing to have that clear water beneath when you paddle but I am glad that they've prohibited them. The place is amazing as it is. I would come back next time.
A Must Visit - Estuary
We drove to check this Estuary out and we werent disappointed at all.Love the scenic view especially when the Estuary meets the Ocean half way....u have to see it for yourself... Good place to chill and there are cafes to while some time away too...
Nice place to go
nice place for strolling if you have spare time on hand.  quite a few nice spots for picture taking.  bring along a brolly for occasional drizzle.
Beautiful views, lovely waters. This is a must see.
We got here by bus, the bus stop is about 20 minutes walk away, which was amazing walking all the way up he stream area in the countryside, and plenty of opportunities for photos. Very peaceful place, there was a few tourists, mainly Korean tourists. The water is amazing, if your ok walking on some stones etc then give it a go, otherwise clogs would be great cause the water feels amazing. But be careful if going in the water as me and my partner walked in quite far when we noticed there was broken glass at the bottom, so we tried to walk round it, but was a little concerned in case anyone gets cut. This is a beautiful and peaceful place to visit, I would recommend staying here a while and just enjoying yourself without rushing.
Nice Spot To Stretch Your Legs
Stopped here for a little while we were driving around the island one day. We came by the day after a typhoon and weren't really expecting them to have the kayaks going (a lot of stuff was closed due to the storm). The area is still very pretty, but a large tree had fallen over the path and we weren't able to go much further. You don't need a lot of time here - if you're like us and just driving around it's nice to just stop for a little while. On a side note - others have mentioned the kayaks seemed to have stopped. We thought they maybe weren't going because of the storm, but I didn't see anywhere around where you could have possibly rented them either (like no buildings that looked like they housed the kayaks, or offices where you could sign up or anything).
Amazingly beautiful. Kayaks may have stopped?
If you like to visit beautiful scenery, this should definitely be one of the places you go in Jeju. If you start near the beach, it'll only take you a few minutes to see the best parts. If you're like me and you enjoy seeing a bit more, you can walk for about 10-15 minutes along a boardwalk trail up the estuary. The trail (and river) are next to the road the whole time, so it's a very easy walk. I'd probably recommend starting up the river a bit and walking to the beach, that way the scenery gets nicer and nicer as you go.As for the kayaks, I had no expectation of being able to go on one since the reviews all suggest you have to come early and wait for a long time. It was a pleasant surprise then, that the kayaks were not operating. There were none to be seen anywhere. This was great because it meant there weren't too many people and the river looked serene with no one paddling around in it.If you're keen on doing the kayaks, people have told me that they're stopped for good  and other people have told me that they're just stopped temporarily. I would recommend calling a tourist office or tour agency to find out the latest news.
Fantastic!!!!!!!
If you visit Jeju island, this place is one of the must go place. Color of water, it looks like blue sapire. There will be transparent Kayak in summer, I need to come back again to enjoy Kayak.
Beautiful nature and scenic views
We came here early morning to take in the fresh air and scenic views of soesokkak estuary. There are water activities like the popular transparent kayak but it was closed when I went there. Just a note for those who wants to ride the transparent kayak, do come here first thing in the morning and reserve a kayak for that day. There are nearby shops selling souvenirs and other eateries as well. I tried buying the hallabong ice cream from one of the stalls and it's really delicious.
Endless long queue for Kayaking
I had curiosity about Kayaking here, but totally exhausted when i checked the booking list. I got there around 12pm but it was already booked till 6:30pm.
scenic place, just like that appeared in fairy tales
Astonished by the great view.  need advance booking (maybe one day in advance) if you want to play kayak.
Serene and beautiful
Really nice, calming atmosphere and was not crowded with too many tourists. Beautiful estuary connecting to the ocean. Nice walkway with not too many steps running alongside the estuary.
Beautiful serene estuary
This is a place where fresh water enters the ocean. But, the water is calm and the surroundings are so beautiful.You can rent a kayak or a water bike. It take about 1 hour to paddle around it. It is a open place for everyone.
Scenic place but please go early!
I visited Soesokkak Estuary during October after reading about it online.I went there sometime in the afternoon, approximately around 2pm or so after lunch. There was a huge crowd (mostly locals) and lines were formed to book the activities.I had wanted to try out the transparent canoe but to my dismay, it was sold out fully till late evening. Instead, I tried out the aqua bicycle (I suppose that's what it's called?) where you get to paddle with a partner around the river. It requires quite a level of coordination with your partner in order to steer it in the right direction. I can't remember the exact prices but it wasn't too expensive.Bring along an extra set of apparel in case you get wet in the water and do go early if you interested in the transparent canoe!In conclusion, great place to visit for enjoyable bonding time for family and friends!
Beautiful Site!
We headed down on a Wednesday around 11 am and its quite popular.  We wanted to Kayak in the glass bottom canoes, however the wait was 3 hours.  We went ahead and walked around the area, enjoying the view and finding beach glass (rounded glass made into 'gems' by the sea) from old glass net buoys.  We plan to go back in the next few days early in the AM to allow for a shorter wait time on the boats.  Very scenic area.
Refreshing water
Spent a day swimming in fresh water. Fresh sweet river water mixing with warm salty seaNo umbrella for renting. Black rocks and sandYou can rent canoas. Next to big nice black sand beach only for serfers.
Fun & scenic!
We went on a Sunday at about 10+AM and it was crowded. Transparent kayaks have to be reserved in advance so we opted for a floating water bike. When we bought our tickets we were told to come back at 12PM (the time was handwritten on the ticket). There are shade and chairs at the waiting area close to the rides where you get called out when your turn comes. Since we had more than an hour to spare we headed to Jeongbang Waterfalls (about 10 mins drive away) and made it back on time. The bike was easy to maneuver and unlike bicycles the handles do not steer. Overall an enjoyable 20 mins experience for 15,000KRW.
Another great view and walk in Jeju.
We couldn't walk further down due to the heavy rain. However, it was still beautiful and amazing. You could go for a stroll with your family. I heard so many good things about this place. So, I will definitely go back on a sunny day when I have a chance. :)
Beautiful place
If you want ride transparent kayak, you have to do reservation. Sea and water is so clean, transparent kayak is quite good experience. Water bicycles was good too, but little bit harder to ride than kayak. Without reservation, we can ride waterbycles. Anyway beautiful sightseeing and place.
Beautiful area
Black sand beach with lots of rocks.  Didn't see much wildlife, but there were tons of people there.  The water from the river is clear blue and gorgeous, but cold.  There is a place where you can canoe up the river for a bit.  Side note, the parking is awful.  Be prepared to park a bit away and then walk.
Nice area
The canoes were closed by 4 pm. I'm not sure if it was bc of the rain. So we just walked the grounds, Boardwalk, and skipped rocks at the black sand beach. There was live music, and food places there.
Beautiful ...
It's so beautiful here and there are different type of boat for you to enjoy while seeing at the historical rocks clear water.
Picturesque!
Beautiful scenery! Take a relaxing stroll on the black sand beach. There is a hidden gem of a cafe called Terarosa, and it is an awesome place to have a good coffee and just chillax away. The tiramisu is great too.
Pretty, but not much to see
Nice location and pretty rock formations down to the sea, but not a lot else to see. Give yourself 15-20 minutes tops to see it, unless you want to go on the Kayaks.
Cute but not worth a special trip
The place is relatively small and when I was there, there where a lot of people. The beach is with black sand, nice. I had a very nice Mandarin Orange icecream and that was worthwhile. From there I walked along the beach, maybe 5 kilometers until I came to a little fishing port. From there a very nice person took me along in the car... there was a bus stop but the busses only come at a long interval...it would have been possible to wark until Seogwipo but that would have been another 3 or so kilometers. A long but really beautiful walk...the stones are all vulcanic and black. If you have the time and inclination I recommend
Get your tickets early!
Was quite disappointed that I didn't managed to get on the boat ride as the timing wasn't right. Scenery would have been so beautiful.
Just for lunch and don't go there on purpose
Nice to stop over for lunch and have a walk along the river and at the beach, but not suggest going there on purpose unless you want a ride on the raft
Amazing transparent canoes!
It was a lovely place where you can enjoy boarding transparent canoes in a small clear river. Actually even we had to wait nearly for 2 hours to get a canoe and the trip is not long more than 30 min. But I liked it a lot the scenery was a piece of heaven.
Small but awesome!
It wasn't big as I thought it would be but it's really nice to visit. Super pretty. It's start of Olle course 6. Get the Local orange icecream with egg waffle there best icecream ever and it's hard to find.
Hidden gem
Soesokkak is a great place to visit if you are in Jeju-do. From Seogwipo area, take bus 110 and get off at Hyodon Middle School. It takes another 20 minutes of walking, passing by orange farms. No entrance fees is required but if you want to try the transparent kayak or the traditional hand-pulled raft, you will need to buy tickets at the counter, situated on your right side before you reach the estuary. The clear green, blue water is mesmerizing and definitely a great place to visit. Stop-by for a bottle of fresh orange juice to quench your thirst or a cone of ice-cream to complete the trip.
Crystal clear waterway
We arrived early morning but a crowd had already built up with a school trip group from Seoul. All the rides were prebooked and the earliest rides available was after 2pm that day. We took a walk on the boardwalk alongside and that was nice too.
Nice place but plan ahead
My kids wanted to kayak but they were sold out and told us we needed to have reserved them much earlier in the day.  Our kids ended up skipping rocks and playing on the black sand.  If we could have kayaked it would have been more enjoyable.  It did look like there were some decent places to swim.
Beautiful beach
Beach very nice with brown sand, colored by volcanic rock.  Also can rent paddle boats and other water boats?  Great view overlooking the water on walking path over the water.
beautiful beachside
a lovely beach where you can avail of water sports on the estuary. go with time on your hands as there may be waiting for water sports.  can buy souvenirs around.
Irion (magma) carved the small valley.
Irion (magma) carved the small valley. This is the place where the magma carved the valley long long ago. The small valley meet the sea here. You can enjoy transparent canoe and see under water(not always).  Scenery is exotic.  It is also good for you to walk along here.
Small but nice
A nice estuary where you can swim in the Summer. Can get crowded during tourist season and a decent range of places to get a bit to eat.
Beautiful black sand beach & cycling in water!
One of the best place I've been in Jeju!This place is quite isolated from the main road as I was stunning such a beautiful place exist where the river and sea water met! We can do a lot of water activities such as kayaking, cycling in the water or riding a raft in a blue,green water..Need to buy ticket in advance. If you go by evening, for sure ticket will sold out. Honestly I dont want to write a review about this place as I prefer this place not to be crowded with people but well..For those going to Jeju, this is a must visit place as the experience is quite rare and different from any other places.
Bad weather did not help us
I watched tv show a while ago about this place before we planned this trip.I really wanted to rent their see thru cayak to explore jeju's under water world.Unfortunately it was rainy, windy and cold so there was no rental place opened.We enjoyed spectacular views but I was devestated..... please check weather reports before you come here if you want to rent any cayak or pedal boats.
Picturesque
The place is lovely in a postcard sort of way. I wouldn’t insist on going here, and really, I didn’t know about it before our trip; we just followed the suggestion of the guesthouse owner and the driver.Love water? You get two kinds when you visit this place – a beach to swim in, and a river to canoe in (there’s a whirlpool in the river that people row to just to see). We did neither, since we were on a taxi tour in cold spring weather, and didn’t have any swim gear. We were constrained to just take some pictures here, and tick it off the bucket list. Might not come back, since there are plenty of nice places in Jeju-do. Once is enough.
Beautiful and best reacreational spot
please do some reservation for teu, kayak or cycle if u planning to go on the evening if u came early in the morning u will get chance to use the facilities. We are not that lucky because everything already full book when we arrive at this place. But still we love the view here and it really remind me one of the chuno scene here.
My favourite stop in Jeju
Not touristy and very peaceful... I love this place best. Hope it will not get overcrowded. The serene river joins to the sea.I just wish I managed to rent a kayak but we were too late and they ran out of kayaks for the day...
Beautiful black sand beach, and transparent kayaking available
The beach's sand is actually volcanic sand/ash which is why it's black, and on a good sunny day the view is marvelous. I'm not sure if it's a lucky occurrence but we spotted jumping fish a distance away from the shore line. I didn't have time to but you can rent transparent kayaks to explore the river which apparently has a whirlpool (not that dangerous according to my guide) at the head. The water is quite clear so you may actually be able to see fishes under the kayak. Otherwise, enjoy the picturesque view of the estuary.
