Unusual tea break
Visited the cave cafe only. Due to rain we unable to cover the entire place. Limited choice of drinks: Organic Green Tea Latte, Coffee Latte & Americano - Krw6,000-8,000/cup. Serve only rice cakes with filling (black sesame, green beans & red bean) Krw6,000/packet. Nicely decorated with luminous lights and some cartoons character.
Not worth the trip
They had light installations outside the cave which would have been cool at night but we were there during the day. We couldn’t find the restaurant and the cafe wasn’t that great as they only had a handful of average coffee drinks and some rice cakes. The zip lining seems to be the main attraction which we weren’t interested in.
Fun little side trip
Part of a package trip. Probably wouldn't have gone on our own but nice tour, fun foot bath and nice selection of green tea products
Unusual Foot Bath
We went to DaHeeYeon for the self baths.In a large room of about 50 people,we sat on floor and,under direction of their instructor,we gave ourselves foot baths using products sold at their shop.The instructor spoke Korean but we were able to follow along.It was unusual and fun and soothing to our feet after days of sightseeing.
did zipline with a group of ahjummas
very amazed by the korean ladies, they were so brave to do the ziplines by themselvesit was a fun short activitythe instructors were nice and professional, helping my young child not as scary as initially thought
Fun, quirky!
We stopped here on a whim to go zip lining which was pretty tame, but a lovely way to view the green tea fields from above. The guides were good, but very minimal English. We stopped and had some green tea ice cream at the cave cafe which is really unique. It's a true cave, which gives you a break from the Jeju heat and humidity. The server here spoke English and was really nice, even helping people take photos at the cave "photo spot." We enjoyed the small tea museum too but would have appreciated translations for the exhibits. Overall, a fun couple of hours.
Nice visit despite the rain
As it was raining on the day we visited, we could only have tea in the cave café and look at the souvenir shop.  Despite not being able to see more of the eco park - we heard there is a zip line over the tea bushes among other things, we enjoyed ourselves at the tea café and the handmade jewellery selection.  The tea was of a good quality and the cake too.  Certainly they do not look as rich as the offerings at the O'Sulloc Tea Museum (which I did not taste).The jeweller efficiently modified the earring from hook style to a poke and push stud style for my sis.  I managed to get an olive coloured leather bracelet with a sterling silver magnetic catch for my niece for a good price.  Whatever we could see of the grounds looked very promising.We will consider returning here on a fine day on our next trip to Jeju.
Best green tea ice cream
We was surprised to see cave cafe because we asked our driver to go to O Sulloc Tea Museum but he took us to this place. We paid 5,000 krw for cafe beverages and we choose green tea ice cream which the most milky and light tea ice cream ever. Love the cold and dampness in the cave but the museum was dissaponting coz no english translations how you expect us to read hangul
Serenity
Just a quiet place with so much greenery ... :) fantastic green tea ice cream :D The staff is very friendly despite not being able to speak English .
A day in DaHeeYeon
It is a nice place to visit. We have stayed there for the whole afternoon. Driving around the green tea field with a car, having bibibah for lunch, nice visit to the Cave Cafe and enjoying an exciting journey on the Zipline! I will try to visit there again in the spring time so as to collect the tea leaves.
nice cave cafe with good green tea ice cream and latte
Cool nice underground cave cafe ... paid about KWR4000 each pax entrance to the cafe and have a choice of 1 hot or drink or green tea ice cream with that ticket.The green tea ice cream is the best I ever tasted in Korea, the green tea latte as well.Cool quiet environment..As for the other attraction outside the cafe, there are some miniature world famous buldings near to the green tea field. But they looks run down , which is left untaken care of for sometime.Green tea field is a little small scale , not so impressive as those in Boseung.
Jeju Island is located in green tea is a theme park.
Large tea plantations and tea Museum, cave Cafe and tea-themed food.In particular, unlike other tourist establishments and also with great food and friendly staff are the best.
A nice place to relax
This is more like a nice park rather than a garden. They have beautiful walks among the trees and you can have tea and cakes in a small restaurant with the terrace seats looking out the wide green field. But the staff can’t speak English so there must be a tour guide to take you here.
