Great market for souvenirs, dried and fresh food, Jeju only snacks and restaurants
Highly recommend visiting Dongmun market! The market has plentiful, and affordable fresh meat, seafood, as well as Jeju-only snacks, beverages, restaurants and dried food. For a small fee (depending on the store, around $5 for 9 Kg), food including fresh meat and seafood can be shipped from Jeju to mainland Korea. Shipment takes about a full day. I have tried this option for fresh pork belly and abalone and both arrived the next day fresh and ready for consumption.Parking around the area is a bit difficult and waiting for an available spot does get frustrating. Parking garage fees around less than $3 for a few hours.
Similar markets but with lots of Tangerines on sale......
Just another market but in a different city. Similar in most ways.However, a distinct difference here is the huge amount of Jeju oranges (tangerines) on sale. Not just here but in other markets in Jeju too.Also it is common to see roadside trucks & makeshift stalls selling oranges - everywhere.Jeju is well known for its oranges , probably it's the season now. But they aren't exactly cheap despite the abundance of supply.We went to a nice Tangerine Orchard Farm right here in Jeju, where we paid 5,000₩ admission fee per pax. And one can eat as much oranges as you want for unlimited time while at the Orchard.After which, every pax is entitled to pick/bring back 1kg free. Great experience & deal.
Come during weekends
The market sells mainly Jeju produce such as the famous Jeju oranges. Colourful market. Come during weekends where there is a small section selling inexpensive local food.
Harabongs and really really expensive
There's no variety at all, looks like... Only the exoensive overrated oranges of Jeju. don't get me wrong, they are good, but I would NEVER pay so much money for fruit! Yes, fruit is REALLY expensive in Korea, but 50k is over the top... So: Harabongs, the other oranges in sweets like tartlets and chocolates, black pork jobal, seafood, souvinirs and fruit. That's what you can buy in the market. It was nice to see and the taste some stuff, but i wouldn't visit there again
Cheap and Delicious Streer Food
After Shopping in Chilsungro Shopping Streer. We go ahead here to find good and delicious food. There is a lot of choices. Fresh orange juice, grilled squids, pork and chickens. A lot pf variety of good food.
Traditional Jeju Market
One of Jeju's traditional market. If you visit Jeju Island and wants something to remember your trip or you want something authentic Jeju Island food, this is the place for you. Tangerines are popular here and are very delicious. The mandarin chocolate is also one of the best sellers here. Its a must try.
Colorful and upbeat place.
This market is a must visit if u are in Jeju. It sells almost everything u nerd to eat along with some souvenirs and cheap clothes. We went in December and it was coincidentally the island's very famous tangerine season where we bought a big box of Jeju's Hallabong tangerines as well Jeju's chocolate / tangerine / strawberry / cactus coated rice snacks. Definetly an important pit stop in your Jeju itinerary.
Wet market
Its fish market but have a lot of store sale a souvenir and gift item like small soju and jeju orange, jeju cohocolate and sama candies and friend...and at the end of dongmun market they have delicious street food....and yummy
LOVE TGE FOOD
EXCELLENT FOOD OFFERS.Clean and Tasty offering of Jeju street foods.My daughter loved the fish cake.
Market with characters
I think it is even better than Taiwanese night market since little duplication between food stalls, and the quality of food from each stalls is all above standard. Worth visiting.
Everything you need
This is a big market where you can find everything you need for vegetables to fish and meat to chocolates and other household products. There are also street food sold here so you can grab a bite if you're hungry.I found my favourite kkaenip kimchi here and it made me so happy. This is because there are no kkaenip kimchi sold in Malaysia.
Jeju Local Character
Our package tour brought us to upscale shopping centers and attractions that carry local and international brands.On our free day we visited Dongmun Market which we thought was a better option than spending so much time in the shopping centers. There are several lanes organized according to the wet market section, fruits and vegetables, packaged goodies to take home, food stalls and dry goods such as clothes. The clothes are of Korean origin of good quality and reasonable price, i.e. a dress for 12,000 kw. In a small stall we tried the Korean fried chicken with hot sweet sour glazing and it was very delicious. The fruit section was a good photo spot with its stalls abound with tangerines. Overall one can see how the vendors, locals and non-locals interact to reflect one aspect of Jeju life.  Very interesting, indeed!
Amazing market with a great vibe
My wife and I live in China and have been to our share of markets all around Asia.  That said, this is one of our favorites!  Great street food, friendly vendors, plenty of selection, and without the terrible smell that is typical for Asian markets like this!
Compare prices before buying
This is an amazing market which sells almost everything you can think of. We went with the objective to enjoy some local snacks, get some hallabong tangerine and some jeju chocolate for our friends back home. Although the season for tangerine is over, there are still many available in the market. Prices for the tangerine are quite consistent so we just bought from the first few stalls we saw. There is not many brands for the jeju chocolate so we just picked one and we were told to compare prices with different stalls. For the same brand and quantity, I was quoted 7k, 8k and 10k korean won by 3 different stalls. We ended up buying from one of the biggest stalls in a corner. That said, I do encourage you to buy from the market. I found the same chocolate at the airport and it was selling at 15k korean won. We were too tired to get any local snack in the end but if I ever go back, I will try the seafood restaurant in the market. Was told they serve the cheapest and freshest sashimi in Jeju.
Dongmun (East Gate) Market
It’s a market of EVERYTHING in Jeju - fish market, food, fruits (Local oranges) and it offers not only a feast to empty stomachs but also visual show
Must go for local food and souvenirs
Great place to buy local products for souvenirs and remember to stay till the night for their jight market where there are over 20 food stalls...東門市場嚴選五大必食😋1. 🐟 Fish n Chips 炸蟹仔配蝦片超鬆脆($2900WON=$19.8HKD)2. 🇯🇵 大阪燒crossover小丸子 厚厚的蝦餅配飄揚的木魚碎($4000WON=$39.6HKD)3. 🍤 海鮮串燒 即開燒鮑魚同蝦 ($8000WON=$54.8HKD)4. 🐽 辣炒豬肉配牛油炒飯 豬肉惹味辣又多汁，要配飯先好味（$6000WON=$41.1HKD)5. 🐷豚肉蔬菜卷 豬肉包住椰菜芽菜等 ,淋上辣汁加韮菜（$8000WON=$54.8HKD)
Worth a visit
There are a lot of streets food here selling all types of local korean delicacies.  I love fried black pork with toppoki. Food are rather expensive here. Anyway worth a try!
All in one!
Many things to eat and buy here! There are many shops selling tangerines (Jeju’s specialty) and local products. At the back of the market, there are also many street stalls that sell super yummy street food like fried chicken and mozzarella hot dogs. Something unique to try would be the Jeju Tangerine Garlic fried chicken from one of the stalls.
Great local market
Went there to see how the locals interact, to feel and absorb the local vibes. Nice to see how the locals live and behave. Pleasant to stroll through the stalls. Went there in the morning and saw many fresh local produce like seafood, meats, fruits, vegetables, household items, clothes, bags, shoes .......just about everything. We also saw many stalls selling street food - bungeoppang ( fish shaped bun-filled with sweet red beans) , eomuk ( fish cake ), hoppang ( steamed buns) , tteokbokki. ( stir fried rice cake) , gyeranppang ( egg bread ), dak-kkochi (korean chicken skewers ). Had a great breakfast on these streetfoods. We also saw lots and lots of hallabong too. Very juicy and sweet these Jeju’s iconic mandarin oranges. Not to be missed one must try the hallabong fruit juice and hallabong icecream. We also bought some local korean snacks , kimchi and souvenirs to bring home.
Good experience
I loved this place! My kids found the raw seafood smell a bit overbearing but they managed. I loved all the fresh seafood, vegetables & fruit along with all the kimchi & spices! This is a place to come to for locals & an experience for visitors. I wish our community had such a place as this. I would be shopping here all the time!
Great market for souvenirs, dried and fresh food, Jeju only snacks and restaurants
Highly recommend visiting Dongmun market! The market has plentiful, and affordable fresh meat, seafood, as well as Jeju-only snacks, beverages, restaurants and dried food. For a small fee (depending on the store, around $5 for 9 Kg), food including fresh meat and seafood can be shipped from Jeju to mainland Korea. Shipment takes about a full day. I have tried this option for fresh pork belly and abalone and both arrived the next day fresh and ready for consumption.Parking around the area is a bit difficult and waiting for an available spot does get frustrating. Parking garage fees around less than $3 for a few hours.
Similar markets but with lots of Tangerines on sale......
Just another market but in a different city. Similar in most ways.However, a distinct difference here is the huge amount of Jeju oranges (tangerines) on sale. Not just here but in other markets in Jeju too.Also it is common to see roadside trucks & makeshift stalls selling oranges - everywhere.Jeju is well known for its oranges , probably it's the season now. But they aren't exactly cheap despite the abundance of supply.We went to a nice Tangerine Orchard Farm right here in Jeju, where we paid 5,000₩ admission fee per pax. And one can eat as much oranges as you want for unlimited time while at the Orchard.After which, every pax is entitled to pick/bring back 1kg free. Great experience & deal.
Come during weekends
The market sells mainly Jeju produce such as the famous Jeju oranges. Colourful market. Come during weekends where there is a small section selling inexpensive local food.
Harabongs and really really expensive
There's no variety at all, looks like... Only the exoensive overrated oranges of Jeju. don't get me wrong, they are good, but I would NEVER pay so much money for fruit! Yes, fruit is REALLY expensive in Korea, but 50k is over the top... So: Harabongs, the other oranges in sweets like tartlets and chocolates, black pork jobal, seafood, souvinirs and fruit. That's what you can buy in the market. It was nice to see and the taste some stuff, but i wouldn't visit there again
Cheap and Delicious Streer Food
After Shopping in Chilsungro Shopping Streer. We go ahead here to find good and delicious food. There is a lot of choices. Fresh orange juice, grilled squids, pork and chickens. A lot pf variety of good food.
Traditional Jeju Market
One of Jeju's traditional market. If you visit Jeju Island and wants something to remember your trip or you want something authentic Jeju Island food, this is the place for you. Tangerines are popular here and are very delicious. The mandarin chocolate is also one of the best sellers here. Its a must try.
Colorful and upbeat place.
This market is a must visit if u are in Jeju. It sells almost everything u nerd to eat along with some souvenirs and cheap clothes. We went in December and it was coincidentally the island's very famous tangerine season where we bought a big box of Jeju's Hallabong tangerines as well Jeju's chocolate / tangerine / strawberry / cactus coated rice snacks. Definetly an important pit stop in your Jeju itinerary.
Wet market
Its fish market but have a lot of store sale a souvenir and gift item like small soju and jeju orange, jeju cohocolate and sama candies and friend...and at the end of dongmun market they have delicious street food....and yummy
LOVE TGE FOOD
EXCELLENT FOOD OFFERS.Clean and Tasty offering of Jeju street foods.My daughter loved the fish cake.
Market with characters
I think it is even better than Taiwanese night market since little duplication between food stalls, and the quality of food from each stalls is all above standard. Worth visiting.
A big traditional market and an amazing street food corner
This market is really big, there is fish market, street food corner and the souvenir shops corners where you can buy jeju chocolates,... Anyways, I'm addicted to the street food corners here. The food marrket is at the gate 8. There are so many kind of street food with good price.
Biggest market in Jeju
Is  a must visit to this market. Parking spot is very hidden. Lots of street food, souvenirs, tangerines, chocolate, fresh fish availables. Jungang Underground Shopping Center and Chilsungro Shopping Town is also next to this market. (near to entrance 4)Lots of people buying chocolates from the stall located at the intersection between entrance 3 and entrance 7. (probably the biggest stall and cheapest?)
pretty much everything in Jeju is available here
Our package tour brought us to upscale shopping centers and attractions that carry local and international brands. One of these was the Chilseongro Shopping Street. Fortunately, I had bookmarked Dongmun Market on Kakao map and it was a short walk from there. I had no plans to buy branded clothes (nor any clothes for that matter) so I ditched Chilseongro and headed to Dongmun.The Dongmun Market is a wet market, a traditional market. Pretty much everything in Jeju is available here—clothes, tangerines, chocolates, seafood, household items, food. The prices here were a lot lower than the chocolate stores and souvenir centers that our tour group operator brought us to.At Dongmun, you can haggle, especially if you buy plenty. I decided to buy chocolates to bring back home to our office staff. Since there were plenty of stalls selling chocolates, I compared prices first. I ended up buying from an elderly lady who offered the lowest price. I got more than 60 boxes and she gave me lots of freebies. There are stalls that had different types of food. Some even had live seafood available and they will cook it for you. I was too full to try out the local food, but I did miss having photos taken.There were a handful of stalls that sold kitsch souvenir items like keychains and magnets. There were two large stalls that had numerous items on display; their prices were high though. I ended up buying from the other stalls whose main items being sold were something else and just happened to have magnets and keychains on the side. Nevertheless, the prices at the souvenir shops in Seongsan IIchubong were lower; I wished I had bought there instead.
They have all!
We dropped off to pay a visit to this market whilst we were on our city bus route. This is a massive wet market where you can find fresh vegetables to seafood and cooked snacks. In addition, you may get souvenirs as well.  It is in a nice neighbourhood nearby the river and cafes. Bring your appetite!
Big market with local products and food
This huge place has many shops and stalls selling household items, fish and seafood.   And there is also the food street selling all kinds of local food.   Just be careful and remember which gate/entrance you enter or else you may find yourself lost and spend time trying to find your way out.
Massive
Wow!! This place is huge and totally worth visiting. There's a bunch of locally sourced products as well as restaurants and plenty of stuff to photograph. Take your camera.
Have a look around.
We went here straight away. Had some street foods,some of them so good ,some of them so spicy!!!But quite huge market so look around first then try some foods.so many sea foods,veges,fruits and Korean foods.One thing... normal streets has bins but when I been 4-5 markets dose not have bins..I wonder... How or where these peoples throw away the rubbish...
All you need can be found here
I always loved this market. Everything you need from household appliances to fresh produce, chocolates and souvenirs can be found here. Accessible by bus and convenient aa it is close to city centre.
Nicer and Cheaper
Well, comparing to Seogwipo Daily Olle Market, sashimi is cheaper here. The market is bigger and there are most stalls for the snacks. But majority of these stalls are not open until evening time.  It is short walking distance to the Black Pork Street.Ample parking nearby and there is also a multi storey parking which is among the most expensive parking I had in entire Jeju. 6000W.
Nice food and culture
Plenty of food options for anyone who is hungry. Authentic market in the day that's buzzing with life at night too.
Dongdaemun market
We had a good taste of hotteok, orange juice and grilled squid, good price for sourvenirs too :) It also connects you to few attraction sites..
Large market - mainly for tourists
A large market popular with tourists.  Prices are a bit high - but not able to bargain much.  Oranges are cheaper in the local stalls outside the market. Sashimi is good and can be bough in take-away packs.
A must visit place for local food
We visited for the night market. Nearby there is a multi storey public parking. The first stall butter fried rice with spicy pork is truly delicious and their orange juice (hallabong) freshly made is very nice though it is slightly expensive than the other stores. But it is freshly blend thus I love it and it taste good. Others stall look okay for me.
Dongmun Market
It's good to stroll around in the evening. Its divided into rows and rows of fruits stalls, fresh fruit stall and meat stalls.Lively with tourists in the evening.You would nt go hungry here as there an amazing arrays of food to pick from.Bon Apetite
Big Size Neighborhood Market
Tangerine is expensive at this time and we purposely look for it at Dongmun market. We bought at KWR 10,000 per kg and tourist guide mentioned during tangerine season in Dec the price is only KWR 3000 per kg.  It's a big market selling wet stuff ( fish, prawn, squid, vegetables, fruits etc) and dried stuff ( pastry, cakes, ginseng, clothing, shoes) etc
Night Market Street food
We only managed to visit at night. The street food location is at gate 8. Some of the stalls have long long queue. The watermellon drink stall seems to be a hit... A bit pricey at KRW9000 for one watermellon drinks (2 cups equivalent).Other food is spaghetti, korean fried chicken etc. Grab the food you want and there are sitting area to eat.There are also few restaurants selling raw fish and sashimi at the same place
A taste of local market
Dongmun market is a must visit in Jeju. Its a market where you can get almost any local products here. In the AM, there are plenty of shops selling dry food supplies, fruits, seafood, local snacks and few small restaurants. At night, you can grab some local food here at the stalls. Prices at the stalls are quite standard, ranging from KRW1000. We tried few food here which was good.
Big big market
Pretty much everything in Jeju is available here. Within the city, easily accessible via car, taxi, bus. There's the traditional market, seafood market, fruits & veggies, night market (6pm onwards). However the zones seem kinda grey cos clothes shop can be next to fish shop, snack shop next to shoe shop, you get the picture. We bought some dried seafood, snacks, fruits. Then popped over to the underground mall. Good place for those wanting to shop and see everything in 1 spot.
If you want to feel the country
Real local marketFrom clothes to any kind of food.A bit difficult to guess what are some vegetable.Great time and very kind people.
Experience local culture and taste great street food
The market is big with several lanes. There is one particular street with amazing street-food in the evenings. Parking is a bit of problem though
Everything you need
This is a big market where you can find everything you need for vegetables to fish and meat to chocolates and other household products. There are also street food sold here so you can grab a bite if you're hungry.I found my favourite kkaenip kimchi here and it made me so happy. This is because there are no kkaenip kimchi sold in Malaysia.
Jeju Local Character
Our package tour brought us to upscale shopping centers and attractions that carry local and international brands.On our free day we visited Dongmun Market which we thought was a better option than spending so much time in the shopping centers. There are several lanes organized according to the wet market section, fruits and vegetables, packaged goodies to take home, food stalls and dry goods such as clothes. The clothes are of Korean origin of good quality and reasonable price, i.e. a dress for 12,000 kw. In a small stall we tried the Korean fried chicken with hot sweet sour glazing and it was very delicious. The fruit section was a good photo spot with its stalls abound with tangerines. Overall one can see how the vendors, locals and non-locals interact to reflect one aspect of Jeju life.  Very interesting, indeed!
Amazing market with a great vibe
My wife and I live in China and have been to our share of markets all around Asia.  That said, this is one of our favorites!  Great street food, friendly vendors, plenty of selection, and without the terrible smell that is typical for Asian markets like this!
Compare prices before buying
This is an amazing market which sells almost everything you can think of. We went with the objective to enjoy some local snacks, get some hallabong tangerine and some jeju chocolate for our friends back home. Although the season for tangerine is over, there are still many available in the market. Prices for the tangerine are quite consistent so we just bought from the first few stalls we saw. There is not many brands for the jeju chocolate so we just picked one and we were told to compare prices with different stalls. For the same brand and quantity, I was quoted 7k, 8k and 10k korean won by 3 different stalls. We ended up buying from one of the biggest stalls in a corner. That said, I do encourage you to buy from the market. I found the same chocolate at the airport and it was selling at 15k korean won. We were too tired to get any local snack in the end but if I ever go back, I will try the seafood restaurant in the market. Was told they serve the cheapest and freshest sashimi in Jeju.
Dongmun (East Gate) Market
It’s a market of EVERYTHING in Jeju - fish market, food, fruits (Local oranges) and it offers not only a feast to empty stomachs but also visual show
Must go for local food and souvenirs
Great place to buy local products for souvenirs and remember to stay till the night for their jight market where there are over 20 food stalls...東門市場嚴選五大必食😋1. 🐟 Fish n Chips 炸蟹仔配蝦片超鬆脆($2900WON=$19.8HKD)2. 🇯🇵 大阪燒crossover小丸子 厚厚的蝦餅配飄揚的木魚碎($4000WON=$39.6HKD)3. 🍤 海鮮串燒 即開燒鮑魚同蝦 ($8000WON=$54.8HKD)4. 🐽 辣炒豬肉配牛油炒飯 豬肉惹味辣又多汁，要配飯先好味（$6000WON=$41.1HKD)5. 🐷豚肉蔬菜卷 豬肉包住椰菜芽菜等 ,淋上辣汁加韮菜（$8000WON=$54.8HKD)
Worth a visit
There are a lot of streets food here selling all types of local korean delicacies.  I love fried black pork with toppoki. Food are rather expensive here. Anyway worth a try!
All in one!
Many things to eat and buy here! There are many shops selling tangerines (Jeju’s specialty) and local products. At the back of the market, there are also many street stalls that sell super yummy street food like fried chicken and mozzarella hot dogs. Something unique to try would be the Jeju Tangerine Garlic fried chicken from one of the stalls.
Great local market
Went there to see how the locals interact, to feel and absorb the local vibes. Nice to see how the locals live and behave. Pleasant to stroll through the stalls. Went there in the morning and saw many fresh local produce like seafood, meats, fruits, vegetables, household items, clothes, bags, shoes .......just about everything. We also saw many stalls selling street food - bungeoppang ( fish shaped bun-filled with sweet red beans) , eomuk ( fish cake ), hoppang ( steamed buns) , tteokbokki. ( stir fried rice cake) , gyeranppang ( egg bread ), dak-kkochi (korean chicken skewers ). Had a great breakfast on these streetfoods. We also saw lots and lots of hallabong too. Very juicy and sweet these Jeju’s iconic mandarin oranges. Not to be missed one must try the hallabong fruit juice and hallabong icecream. We also bought some local korean snacks , kimchi and souvenirs to bring home.
Good experience
I loved this place! My kids found the raw seafood smell a bit overbearing but they managed. I loved all the fresh seafood, vegetables & fruit along with all the kimchi & spices! This is a place to come to for locals & an experience for visitors. I wish our community had such a place as this. I would be shopping here all the time!
So much to see
Went around with a friend and the place is huge. I think we managed to walk from gate 8 to gate 4 before we realized we cane there looking to eat and ended up just window shopping because there’s lots to feast your eyes on. There’s mostly food and fresh produce and seafood and food products made from Jeju oranges.
Insight into Local Culture
Very big market. Combination of a wet and dry market. Interesting cos they sell many live seafood, vegetables, fruits, sourvenir.The seafood seems expensive when i convert but it could be cos more for tourists. A fish can be $50. We enjoy eating the local food like cuttle fish, fish cake, fish ball, crab stick. About $4 to $7. Just immerse in local culture. The colouful array of oranges and by oroducts. 15 boxes orange chocolate for 10k won. Looks alot but one box only 8 pcs candies so bulky to carry.There is a store sells korean sourvenir like keychain, clipper, magnet, etc $3 to 5 a piece.Bought a sweatpants 5k won so less than $10.Did not dare buy hallabong oranges cos too heavy to carry home. More for local tourists.Overall we do enjoy this market. Near to the underground shopping and fashion street too.
Nothing To Rave About
Same array of goods being sold throughout the market. Oranges and local produce were plentiful in the market. Didn’t notice any significant stalls that sold anything exceptional. Tried a stall that sold stirred fried black pork but it only turned out average. I Guess it’s still a doable place to visit just to immerse in the local culture.
Great local produces
A lot of local produces. Came during winter - tangerines season. All stalls selling similar items. Plenty of snacks: octopus, deep fried dishes, dumplings. Hoping that there is more price tag/signage to better ease foreigners in purchase. Language barrier is still something that block me from enjoying this walk better.
Market that you can finds food, souvenirs, etc
We went to this market 3 times and it's worth it. Basically you can finds something to eat here, various of foods offer, drinks, souvenirs and of course fruits which ia the famous one, Hallabong. For ourselves, we grab a raw salmon for dinner and hallabong juices with a few banchan for ourselves. Not to forget we bought a bundle of jeju chocholates and crunch to bring back as souvenirs and one big bag of keychain and fridge magnet. The chocholate and crunches are widely sell as for 15boxes ₩10,000 and the fridge magnet with price standard ₩3,000 each.
Great local market and night food market
Great food and local gifts such as sashimi, steamed pork, fresh fruit, and gifts.If you want to buy for yourself and friends, family, visit here to buy the things.You will love to visit for delicious local food.
Loved it
We found great gifts at this market!  We like unique gifts so we were excited to find our Christmas gifts here to bring home.  I also enjoyed the best waffle at one of the food stands.
Nice restaurants
Other than just a seafood market, there are lots of seafood restaurants serving very fresh seafood. Do check them out.Lots of shops selling their Jeju hallabong chocolates and we found them to be cheapest here.Very interesting market to see traders selling traditional Korean food and side dishes.
Popular market
This market is popular amongst the locals and tourists, hence expect this place to be crowded. Majority of shops are selling oranges and fresh seafood. Besides these, there are other sections selling meat, vegetables, spices, snacks etc. I bought 1 stick of crab and seafood balls for 4,000 won. Recommend to try their famous peanut ice cream for 1,500 won. Yummy.
traditional market
This is a traditional Korean market selling wide variety of items including food, souvenirs and live seafood. Good to try some street food here.
Scrumptious Selection to Swallow...
There were a diverse variety and choices of street food. The younger generation of entrepreneurs were experimenting with fusion and various creative combinations. The quality offered was reasonable and reflective of local tastebuds but more effort and further refinements would make them a successful household name. Generally street food was relatively cheaper choice compared to restaurants. There were also abundant fresh food to choose from.
Impressive market in Jeju
Visited DongMun on a Monday night after dinner at around 8pm and some seafood / fruit vendors are still open.  A small area adjacent to the market were doing bustling business selling street food / snack.  Having come from Seoul / Busan before JeJu,  DongMun market may be seemingly smaller but will still be a nice market to visit when in Jeju
Just a market
This market sells local food, fruits, meat, seafood, vegetables, ginseng and souvenirs, etc. A place for you to get everything korean. However, you need to bargain as things are quite expensive here.
A market that sells local produce and a food market with trendy food
Came here in the evening to get dinner as well as to see what Dongmun Market was about.  With ample parking closed to the area, we entered via the night food market side.  The snacks sold here were very un-korean that largely appeals to the young family and the young.The market itself as expected were not all open, yet many stalls were. From Jeju Tangerines to chocolates and other local produce, it is still worth taking a look in the evening if u want to avoid the morning crowd.
Food and shopping heaven
This would be my fav market so far at Jeju. You can buy lots of local products and local delicacies to eat as well. The market was so packed with locals and tourists so you kinda need to walk slowly and try not to block the road. LOLThere are lots of exit / entrance here but rest assured that it is interconnected and you won't get lost. Most shops are selling the same products but if you really wish to buy then you need to scout for the best price!
Huge mkt
Well u can literally find everything here. From live seafood to dried stuff and fresh fruits. We particularly like the night market street food stalls with lots of yummy food
Marvellous market
There’s nothing like a market to interest holiday makers even if it’s only to browse or take pictures. We tried local food products and enjoyed them.
A Fine Insight & Introduction To Korean Food All I One Location
Every stuff you want to eat can be found here. The Sea Food are really fresh and have no idea of the price but saw many locals buying ..,  must be good.  The cooked pig leg was a really good and went back the next day to buy again. Really enjoy eating the stuff selling in small food stall.  And the fruits are so sweet &  reasonable price too.
What a wonderful place
Oh wow. Clean. All is delicately placed to delight the eyes of the buyer. You can find fresh fish- delicious citrus fruits among others- sweets ( chocolates- cookies- jelly candies) and artisan work.
Interesting local market
Lots to see and eat. The black pork is absolutely delicious. Must try. Can get local food gifts and souvenirs here.
Nice vatiety of Jeju food
Great place to see local food sold by local people. There is plenty of Jeju products to choose from, as well as some farmers clothes, souvenirs, packed local food and of course a lot of oranges. When you hungry just eat some yummy ttoekpokki or mandoo. Cheap and great. Wear full shoes as floor is always wet from fish tanks.
Souvenirs Galore!
Crowded with a good mix of locals and tourists; jostling along for something.But the items on offer are common, with lots of seasonal clothing on display. Snacks are plentiful, so you have lots of choice. It's an interesting market, with old hands working at street food corners.
Huge market where you can potentially get lost in all yums
The market is 60% local 40% tailored to tourist, hence depending on what you are after you can choose the part that suits your expectation.It is the local fresh meat , fish and vegetable market--fresh goodies are sold at a very reasonable price and exceptional quality. The touristic part is nice also-- lot of old aunties promoting the snacks, personally i dont think that's the most authentic souvenir so we decided to go to the pottery shop and ending up buying soup copper pot and stone pot back (though it's heavy) as it did remind us a lot more about the trip.The fresh snack stands are very busy and people are elbow to elbows. Food was yum but probably you don't wonna spend more than 2 hours there. Btw, there is a night food market outside after 5 pm and it's worth grabbing a snack or two.
Shopping for souvenirs
This is a great one stop shop to get souvenirs from jejuLots of korean street food available if you arekeen to try
Part of the fun while travelling
Besides all the other sightseeing places, mountains, waterfall, the markets are always our way to experience locals' life and of course snacks.We came back from hiking in Hallashan and the Dungman market is on the way to the hotel and near the Black Pork Market later for dinner, so why not?Compared to the Olle Market and the Five Day Market, the DM market seems to have more interesting snacks to refresh from all day hiking, and just good enough before dinner. ( I am sure some feed themselves here for dinner as well).The souvenirs are the same as in the Olle market but more variety than the Five Day Market (mostly for locals but more to experience the genuine daily life of Koreans). It is also at the entrance of the underground market but we didn't go underground.
Good to pick up souvenirs
The price is not cheaper here but it has a good place to pick up whatever you need. Bargaining doesn't seems to work here despite all the stores selling mostly the same things.We ended up having our breakfast at a local store with English menu. This is definitely a frequently visited spot in Jeju.
Traditional market.
It is traditional market in the morning. Can buy many local products here. During night time, there are many food stalls open n more crowded.
Great market
Recommended👍👍A lot of food truckAnd local foodFresh fruits etcNear the beach and blackpork street
Interesting to look at local produce
There were tangerines galore at this market and hairtail fish were sold by most of the seafood stalls. Bought really fresh sashimi that was prepackaged and reasonably priced.
Beware of rip offs
As with typical tourist attraction markets, you’ll find plenty of vendors hawking various wares....Food probably is the worst rip off considering prices.Only if you are time constrained should you make any purchases here; especially food, as the quality is very shoddy and expensive compared to local brick & mortar shops.
My dinner every night
Can't resist going there every night as it's near to my hostel. Kinda good place for dinner for solo traveller as most of the restaurant serving food for more than 2 persons. You can get local food, fusion, western, sashimi, fresh fish, pork knuckles, fresh fruits and vegetables. Price range around kw2000 to kw10,000 per dish. Now you can get hallabong orange everywhere. Sweet and seedless. Yummmm love it when it's cool. After dinner can catch the water show nearby at 8pm every night except Monday.
Great way to enjoy the local produce!
Love the place so much. The market is so big, selling variety of local produce at a very reasonable price. I enjoyed buying banchans, hallabong and fresh octopus as well as fishes. They also have night market selling variety of hot food from 6pm onwards. If you're are driving, getting a parking might be a problem. But you may opt for a multistorey parking space near door 8/5/6 of the market.
dont waste time
I think unless u gonna buy household staff - dont waste time . Pale compares to what they have is South East Asia.
Varieties of Food and Souvenirs
This market is worth your time with the various street food (inside the market) , wet market and souvenirs to look at. If you could do by the evening, I think they have a designated spot (close to one of the entrances) for modern street food.
Big flea market
The market mainly consists of two parts: a fruit market (mostly for visitors) and a fish market (mostly for local, as visitors basically can’t do anything with the raw fishes). In night time, there is also food stalls near Gate 8 but the number is limited (I think there’s about 20) so the queue is often long - mostly Korean youngsters. My Korean friend told me that Jeju is unique with its rice cake (similar to Japanese mochi) and orange that even Koreans ‘have to’ purchase as gifts when visiting Jeju thus their prices are not cheap.
Good Place for Food and Visit
In this market you can get to see and experience various things. I spent 2-3 hr and had dinner here. There is one segment selling seafood and preserved food. Another segment selling snacks and souvenirs. My dinner was at the row of street side hawker that only open from 6pm onwards. The food is delicious and well priced. But don’t expect clean and nice place to sit and have your food. This is no 5 star street hawker.
Huge and interesting market
The market is huge, we were walking for about an hour and still not sure if we cover even half the market. There’s fresh seafood cured seafood, Korean pastries, clothes, kimchi ingredients, etc etc etc. Good photo opportunities here as well. Or just come here to soak in the local atmosphere.
Fun place
I like go to market to see what they have ! Fun place and you can try some food here and clean not bad to hangout for 2 or 3 hrs or so than from here you can take a bus go anywhere else you want to go !!
Great market
Great market place to get traditional Korean street food in the morning and nights. The sashimi are cheap too but the fruits are Super expensive.
Huge market with several exits
Able to find lots of local produce in this market. Fruits especially orange varieties, black pork knuckles, kimchi of various kind. An interesting market to visit. Recommended.
Typical big market
Parking was difficult to find in the area when we visited although the walk back to the markets was not too bad. The markets were busy with many local producers sold their wares. Tourist heaven for the local oranges, chocolates and teas with many eating places as well that served a wide range of foods from pork to sea foods, fruits, burgers, desserts, nuts and candy. Much to choose from! Smaller tourist items can also be found along with clothing of the island - not much for westerns sizes though. Fairly crowed, but an experience not to miss while on the island.
A big local market with lots of entrance
We took a cab from our hotel to this market, about 20 mins ride and we alighted at 1 of the entrance where we were greeted with stalls selling the famous Hallabong Oranges. The market is divided into different sections where there are sections selling fresh seafood, vegetables, fruits, cooked food, clothes, snacks etc. This is also the place where tourists will buy the popular souvenirs like the Mandarin Orange JeKiss brand chocolate and Hallabong Oranges related products at a cheaper price compared to the airport. A market worth a visit if you are in Jeju.
Great after 6/7pm
Although there are many small vendors and shops during the day, the best part is at night when the food stalls appear. There are many (mostly Korean) options. From burgers, to tempura and ice cream burritos, you will not go hungry! On average, the food costs around 7,000 krw per meal. Smaller items like gimbap and individual tempura is cheaper. I would not recommend this market for any type of clothing shopping. The interior is mainly dried fish, nuts, juices, souvenirs, some bbq, and a couple sit down restaurants.
Lots of fresh seafood!
Something for everyone... lots of fresh seafood and snack foods.  Cheap clothing stands and souvenirs.
Largest market in Jeju
This market sells many goods. I would recommend it for buying souvenirs from Jeju, like chocolate crunch and chocolate. There were also shoes and clothes for sale but not so fashionable. There are many shops selling dry and wet goods, mandarin oranges and other Jeju products. It is really large and you can spend quite a few hours there. Good for wet weather as it is covered.
Unique market
You can find many seafood, vegetable, fruit, octopus snack, chocolate and ttaebokki. There is very famous fruit that you must try to eat, hallabong.and also fresh strowberry. You can buy seafood material and cook in your hostel or in your guest house.
Great way to experience local food and market ambiance
Hotel was right across this market so I stopped here on my first night for dinner. I was amazed by the selection of street food stalls, fresh produce and desserts. Most of the signs were in Korean but just follow the crowd and where there's a long line you'll never go wrong! I got a taste of the rice with fried black pork plus some fried octopus in batter, which were both great. Bought some boxes of cheap chocolate as well. Areas of the market selling fresh fish and vegetables are wet though so beware when walking through.
Excellent market food
I ate here on two of my four nights in Jeju. Excellent food stalls at night and it was busy but to me a buzz. It is always interesting to wander round and see what is available before choosing. I know little Korean but the signs are self explanatory and most of the stall holders help
If you come watch out for the...
Cruise stop. Jeju tour. On the way back we walked through both this and the underground mall. A million oranges and fish stores. Neat to be among the Jeju people going about their day. Try some of the food! But watch out for the guys DRIVING up and down the aisles on mopeds!I don’t know if anybody reads trip advisor unless you click HELPFUL. If you do this, it sends me an email and it makes me smile :-)
Perfect place for culinary & snack for souvenirs
This place is perfect for culinary, searching for snack with cheaper price, and mall (called Jungang Shopping Mall). I find small authentic teokbokki stall here and seafood restaurant. It will a little quiet at night, so you can walks freely here. The market will be closed around 7 pm so come here before closing time.
Small bazaar
... With more unfriendly than friendly people.You should try the food prepared by lovely people at the side entrance to the market.
Hectic and lively
Great fish and oranges.... on weekends there is a lively food court . Clean and . We like markets so we think it’s a good stop in Jeju colorful
Eat all you can
We were here to hunt local foods and it didn’t disappoint us. We followed the locals for those long queue at Gate 8 zone. Get yourself be patient and enjoy the delicious foodie here.
See- Food diet
Went there to browse around local market and foods. Ended up eating lots of local food fare and buying goodies at good bargain. Would recommend a visit there 👍
Great place for food
We stayed nearby and went in to find dinner. There's gate no 8 which is full of people selling food and those with long queue usually means It's nice. We tried some of it but it will be quite pricy as in the end, both of us not full.
Local Products and lots of TANGERINE
Interesting place. Lots of Tangerine in boxes as gifts and many stalls sell snacks and souveniors.Is also a wet market where you see fresh produce. Not forgetting display of pig heads can be found in serveral stalls. Can visit for the experience.
Good immersion of local life
In this market you will see what Korean people eat usually in their daily lives. Oranges are everywhere and thry are pricy. They said the oranges are very nutritious and full of vitamins. The problem is we could not tell which stalls were genuine. At night, there were two rows of street food selling korean delicatessen. Check it out!
Wet market
Thanks God we found a parking nearby the market , it's not easy to find parking here , we came late around 6pm as this market close at 8pm . Most of the stalls sells fresh vegetables, fruits,fresh meat .
Good market for fresh fruits hunts
When we visited, oranges are everywhere! They did not seen to have varieties of fruits sold here. Everyone were selling the same type of fruiys and candies, which are pretty much boring! There were some food stalls and those selling fresh seafood and fish and meat too.Typical of a market. It is a big place though. We explore only two rows and detour.
Great food.
Great place, good food and a bit crowded... You can find a lot of shops that selling chocolate, jeju mageoli, jeju oranges... If you want to bring some to your country, better you buy it here... It's cheaper than at the airport lor (obviously!!!)... The prices are same at all shops... You can get 6/12/15 boxes of choc for 10.000 won here (diff by size n type)... The prices will be 3x at the airport...
Very local market for local shoppers
As soon as arrived at the airport, went there for the dinner. Well, there are many snacks, lots of street food but made in a restaurants. Lots of fresh local fruits, really fresh fish, raw fish sashimi, etc. Compare to Seoul, all fish are much more fresh and reasonable price. I ate some crab skewer, but after 10 steps from there found new ce local pork soup restaurant. So better to have a look first then decide which Korean light snack would be good for you. I am certain all kids will love this place to have some street food here!
A lot of tangerines! Must buy!
I visited here for searching Halla tangerines. There was no souvenirs sold at this place. Need to have a shoplot selling souvenirs here in the future.
Fresh food market
Traditional wet market that selling fresh food. You can experience Korean market full of the culture atmosphere and great food.
More of the same
There are a lot of shops and many things to buy, but they are repeated a lot of the time. There are a lot of fish and a lot of fruit. Then you also find some other goods as well. Very nice experience and one can buy a lot of souvenirs
Nice market place
Market place selling mainly seafood and fruits. We reached there around 12pm was hoping to have lunch. However most of d restaurant looks closed. How can one place be closed on a Saturday?? We end up drinking hot chocolate in one of the cafe.
Dongmum Market
Quite a big and clean place, like a tradition market where you can find cooked food, seafood and vegetables there. No issue to buy food there, most of the stalls have menu with English writing, the stall owners can speak English as well
Wide traditional market
Wide market to find seafood, products, snack food, fruits, juices. Located over few streets, hard to speak English with sellers. You can get local food, strawberry orange chocolate, seafood. Like many market in Korea, customers can sit and eat. It is also located near to underground market. Overall, nothing much to buy but you can target local Jeju food and junk food.
Place that you can find yummy foods and souvenirs
We could spend hours in this market. There are alots of yummy foods, fresh seafoods, sashimi that can make you droll. Fresh fruit and the jeju orange so tasty and fresh.
One our favorite spots!
One of our favorite places! We practically ate at every stall! Best place to bargain for souvenirs plus a underground mall is just steps away....Nice place to walk around, food trip and people watch...
Local traditional market and buy local products
This is the local traditional market. You can buy the local products here as souvenir such as keychain (Many designs of Dol hareubang),chocolates products, tangerines chocolates, tangerines tart and etc. Most of the stall owner didn't speak English but some can speak in Chinese (Full of people). Multi level car park available here.
Tourist Market
This is a traditional wet as well as dry market. Goods are clearly segregated into their respective categories, eg, fruit, vegetables, poultry and seafood so customers can find what they need easily. Quite crowded on a weekday afternoon and there is a festive mood around the place. I was tempted to buy all the fresh produce like strawberries, tangerines and persimmons but they were expensive and I could only eat a limited amount.
Very big market
It is a very big market. Sell all kinds of things. From fresh seafood to clothes.Should visit when in jeju.There is a underground shopping centre nearby.
Great culinary visit
This market is amazing if you are into Korean food! You can find all sorts of fresh and dried fish, a huge variety of kimchi, seaweed and fresh produce. You can also have a meal at one of the restaurants above the fish market.
Traditional market with lots of varieties
This is a traditional market where fresh produce and fish can be bought while another portion also sells gifts for travellers like souvenirs, chocolates, etc. We found the prices a bit cheaper than the other places.
A lot of varieties
We stayed in old jeju side and this fish market is located 5 minutes by walk to our hotel. A lot of souvenirs, local foods, dried fishes, seafoods and street foods. This place is a must visit and people are very hospitable
The usual traditional market
Most people or tour guides will recommend you to go there for the seafood. However, the stall owners cannot speak other languages. The ones who do speak Chinese are too touristy. Those that sell abalone don't sell fish and vice versa. Better to go to a good restaurant for a taste of seafood stew. Fruits are ok. The good mandarin oranges are sold in boxes. I see locals buying boxes of oranges.
Nice market
Visited the market and luke so may markets, an abundance of similar stores, some selling fresh fish, others touristy nik naks.Some great lookin g fish and produce
Amazing hectic experience
This place is HUGE! It is humming with activity and a little bit of everything to see and buy, from live seafood to fabric and food stalls
A good place to get local fruits & food
Basically a market place that sells the usual basic seafood and fruits. Practically all the fruit stalls sell the same things; mango, Jeju mandarin orange, peaches, etc. Do try the peaches if they are in season. They are huge, soft and fragrant.A lot of stalls are selling the same Jeju chocolate, mandarin or Hallabong tea & jam, etc.There are several stores that sell street food like oden, teokbokki, sundae, etc. In fact there is one particular stall that seems to be very famous due to the Korean variety show 'Running Man'. There is a long queue by 5pm; with people waiting to get a table to try all their Korean snack food. The teokbokki, sundae and fried fritters are really good.Do try the Jeju orange ice cream on a stick if you come across them. They are really nice and fragrant; especially on a warm day.
A major market in Jeju
We travelled to this market in October 2016 using the Jeju City tour bus. The inside of the market was well lighted and there were lots of fruits and local goods on display. Inside there was a branch alley which sold fish and other marine products. Across the market there was an open square with a small river and we saw some tourist police on horseback. The market was not as big as we expected but OK to visit and buy some fruits.
Have a taste of local
It is an ideal place to buy souveniors and see/taste the local food.  Rather clean even we went inside the fish and vegetable market.  Along we found few food stalls and restaurants to offer seafood, we were hesitated but decided to go for fish and cuttle fish sushimi in one with rather good environment, it's food and service were up to standard, price was not high compared to those in restaurant.  Interested to see local Kimchi, fish, fruits, herds, snacks from the stores
You can find a real jeju here!
walking in the local dongmun market, I was impressed with a lots of fresh fish shops. I can observe how local people work and enjoy their normal life.Seafood is fresh and at reasonable price!
many stuffs & food market
i don't want anything to buy but just went here for taking lunch or dinner. seafood also reasonable price & fresh. we went here 3-4times in week as closed with my hotel
Buy and eat!
Similar to other korean markets, there are lots of food and shops selling various stuff. There are many stalls selling snacks which you would buy home as gifts and you can get the jeju tangerines which was really delicious! Snacks in various boxes (chocolates, rice crackers etc) are still quite decently priced.Many variety too! I enjoyed a visit here!
Buy cheap souvenirs and enjoy market food.
This market has various souvenir shops and they are quite cheap. But make sure that you visit at least three shops for price checking.
Good place to buy souvenirs and eat foods
You better visit this place in the afternoon. You can try the teokpokki restaurant that shown in running man with 3,500 won. It tastes good. The chocolate souvenirs are also cheap I bought 10 boxes for 10,000 won.
Local interest
Street markets are the same wherever you go, only the locality and design might change, so if you are looking for something unique this is not the place.I enjoy wandering through markets throughout the world, watching the locals go about their daily business and interact with each other. Also to see what the local delicacies are like.There are several entrances, with the street food stalls being close to entrances 1 and 2.
Only interesting if you've never seen or like Asian markets
Standard fare. Food, souvenirs, clothes and such. So not really anything special but you can get some fruit and of course souvenirs.
traditional market
sell a lot of things like jeju tangerine, fish, clothes etc.some of the shop owner can understand english, but some of them not.
Delicious and fresh food!
This place is a definite must see on my list. The market is huge and includes shops that sell about everything you can imagine (clothes, kitchen appliances, souvenirs, meat, fish, ice cream, pancakes, desserts, traditional street food, oranges, oranges and more oranges). The fruit is expensive, but that's normal for Korea. The street food is cheap and absolutely delicious. It is definitely a good way to kill a couple hours and try some of Jeju's famous treats.
local market to buy specialties of Jeju
we stayed 3 nights in a hotel right near Black pork street, and it is rather close to Dongmun market, so we came here every afternoon when we finished our trip to famous attractions around the island. Lot of local eateries you can try, lot of candy/chocolate and mandarin shops those are specialties of Jeju that you can bring back home as gifts. From the Jeju bus terminal you can access here by bus #100 (takes around 10-15mins). bus stop is Dongmun rotary, right beside the entrance gate of the market.
Many things to see, traditional, cultural place
This market was quite large, they had a seafood section, local produce section etc... So there's much to see, taste and buy. We had a seafood meal there, sashimi and live octopus, at a much cheaper price than in Seoul. The live octopus cost us KRW 10,000 here vs. KRW 25,000-30,000 in Seoul. Do allocate at least 2 hours for this market.
Very neat and clean Market
It is one of the good markets to see around. Very neatly maintained and you can find various types of seafood, pickles and fruits.
Very local! Must visit
If you are into local stuff, you need to visit this market. We rented a car and it is equipped with gps, hence we drove around. There is a parking space  Earby,  just watch out for P sign. The market has plenty of fresh, live abalone freshly dugged korean ginseng, banchan, salted fish, seafood, home ware, snacks, and little eateries. It is very clean and also if you are looking at those orange chocolates or even souvenirs they have it here aa well. We manage to buy some yummy vegetable chips which cost 10000krw per pack with vegetables that you like such as chillies, apples, seaweed, and etc. Spent 1 1/2 hours here before heading back to the airport.
Vibrant Market with lots of choices
I guessed many have mentioned that this was a typical market and I do not think they were wrong. However, it really depends the reason for your visit. If you are here to try cheap and good raw and fresh seafood (eg: raw fish slices for 10000won only), OR to try a variety of local food (eg: Sundae aka blood sausage, traditional fishcake stick, Kimbap, fresh Jeju orange juices, different types of kimchi, korean rice cakes, croquette, Tteokbokki, hotba, Modeumjeon - where they eat during new year and jeons, OR to purchase souvenirs and snacks for your family and friends then you are at the right place! It was also cheaper to purchase dried goods like ikan bilis and kelp in the market than supermarkets.We were at Seogwipo Maeil Olleh Market before coming to this market and we found that stalls that sell Jeju's souvenirs and local snacks such as Jeju crunch chocolate were cheaper in this market. The shop owners also gave us a handful of other snacks to try after our purchase in hope that we would be back for more. In Summary, this was a good place to try many local food at a smaller amount and a place to purchase affordable snacks for gift at a cheaper price.
Good place
I like Dongmun market most. You could get gifts for your family and friends. They sell nice and big orange. There's a lot to sell and a lot to eat.
Good market for a walk through
Perhaps I've been in Asia too long, but I feel like a lot of these markets start to look, feel and smell the same. It was fun to walk through but I didn't feel like it had a whole lot to offer that felt special. If you're new to Asia, certainly worth a walk though I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
Jaerae sijang 재래시장
It's know as Jaerae sijang.if you ask about dongmun market,korean people don't know about it.their said it jaerae sijang. From soegipwo terminal,in font of. E mart there is bus stop use bus no.100It's a small market,much sell jeju chocholate,jeju orange,n much food
LOCAL JEJU MARKET WHERE ALL LOCAL PRODUCTS CAN BE FOUND
This is your typically local market where you can get fresh product here.  I will NOT say this place offers the cheapest price but rather there are varieties for you to choose from.  The market has many entrance and each entrance leads to you to a particular section where they sell the same stuff ranging from clothes, fruits and to live seafood.  We picked up some Jeju tangerines and sweets here which were pretty good.  Discount?  Most shops are priced the same so its hard to get discount. Best time to come is about 2pm where there are lesser crowd.  Its also a short walk to the underground shopping mall so if you are here, do take the chance to visit the underground mall altogether.
Seafood, snacks and oranges
Depends on your agenda, there are stalls selling nice snacks like bbq octopus, fish cakes, etc. Many raw seafoods, oranges, chocolates and snacks for gifts.
Very local
Great place to gawk at all the live seafood that Jeju has to offer. All manner of sea creatures, alive and dead, to be savoured & haggled over if you so wish to partake of feasting on them. Besides seafood, there are also veggies, Jeju souvenirs (mainly foodstuffs), a couple of seafood restaurants (which charged seating fees per person so we skipped going in) and some cooked food stalls. Great to stop by to check out the local market scene.
Local Flavour
One should definitely visit this market to get the local flavour of Jeju. Usually crowded and has a lot of hustle bustle all day long. One can buy souvenirs , spices , fruits , fish and other wholesale items. Do checkout timings before visiting as it opens very early in the morning and closes early as well.
Typical
Busy market for locals.  Tourists are also taken here on tours.  Market is filled with local food items, fish, and some inexpensive clothing.  It's about a 30 minuet look.
nice & cheap seafood
I experienced a nice and reasonable seafood meal at this Dongmun market.The stall owner is friendly.
For some local flavour
Not as big as the 5 day market but still provides an interesting insight into the daily food norms of the locals. It's sheltered so rainy days is not an issue though parking may be. There are a few local eateries inside but the one we went in insists we order one portion (they are big) per person. Rather than having to waste food we walked out.
Interesting to Visit, But Not Amazing
This market was near our hotel so we came by here a few times in the evenings (and a couple times in the day time). Mostly because we were trying to find this fried chicken restaurant that never seemed to be open and we kept going back to try to find it. Don't come here expecting a night market extravaganza like other parts of Asia. This is more strictly a "market" market, though there are lots of restaurants that have take-out. There are a few street food stalls, so you can get your fix in a couple spots. Definitely make sure you try the orange juice from one of the sellers here, Jeju has amazing oranges (and tangerines). There are some souvenir type places here, but nothing special. We bought some of the chocolates because they were dirt cheap and wanted to try them, but when we got home and ate them they were just waxy and artificial tatsing (you'll see which chocolates I mean when you get there. EVERY souvenir seller has them. Even in the airport). We bought some dried mandarins from the same vendor, and they were pretty good. We also bought a bunch of oranges to bring around with us as snacks while we were driving. If you've been to markets in Asia before, this will be nothing special. But if you're looking for something to do, it's probably worth visit - wouldn't go out of my way for it though.
Nice Market to visit
We visited the Dongmum market in March . It is quite a large market selling all kinds of food items so you can try the local delicacies. Their is a separate fish and seafood area that is quite extensive with a wide variety of local seafood . The is a variety of clothing and souvenir items . It is in the heart of the city around many shopping areas that surround the market . Their is also a Starbucks not too far from the market .
Good place to shop local produce
Dongmun Market is filled with every possible product that you can make out of tangerines.They grow tangerines on the island. There is tangerine chocolate, tangerine juice, tangerine cakes etc. There is also fish and food stalls. If you want to get your friends gifts or souvenirs from Jeju, you can buy them from here.
Seafood seafood everywhere
My wife and I strolled around the market in  an early evening in mid-March 2017. The market was, as expected, already quite empty. However, the seafood stalls were still open and was quite a view. All sorts of fishes, clams, squids, octopuses and animals that I have never seen before were sold there.The whole market is huge, consisting of many sections selling various items, including fruits, vegetables, etc.Some street food stalls were still open too and we bought a cup of grilled octopus, sweet Korean pancakes and freshly-made orange juice. All were very nice.
Place to shop
It's a traditional market where you can shop for clothes, food and make up here. There's a few souvenir shop also. The price of the make up here at jeju is very cheap compared to the price in my country. It's like 1/4 price. If you wanna buy some clothes you have to bargain it. I visited it twice coz it's easy to reach with the jeju bus. Just stop at the dongmun market stop en then go down to tge basement.
Local Snacks & Souvenirs
We walk around this dongmun market and bought a lot of local snacks and souvenirs. You may bargain the price with them.
Everything Korean you might need
The place for food lovers. You can buy everything you dream of to bring back home from jeju in nice local prices.
Tourist Trap
*Firstly, don't go here. Instead, go to the 5 Day Market (민속오일장 Minsok O-il Jang) in Jeju-si. It is open every day ending in 2 or 7: 2, 7, 12, 17, 22, 27th.*As for Dongmun, the best part is the 호떡 (Hoddeok). Along one of the side alleys are these beautiful grandmas (할머니 Halmeoni) who sell fried rice pastries filled with cinnamon, brown sugar, and nuts (Hoddeok). This is some of the best I've had in Korea. SO delicious. There are three of these stalls in this alley. The best, and oldest one, is furthest inside the market.The bad: vendors are rude and over priced. Their goods are not the highest quality and they know that the tourists don't know how to find better quality.
Good place to savor local seafood
東門市場 provides seafood for people to enjoy the delicious elements of the freshness and beautyness of it throughout eating. Although there are lots of different restaurants which provide good quality seafood, the service is not really good. As we arrived at around 5pm for afternoon tea, waiters aren't really willing to work and are quite lazy. After ordering our seafood, we finally found a better restaurant in tatami style. We also ordered a fresh fish which is nice and freshly made by local chefs in a reasonable price. Overall, it was a good afternoon tea experience.
From souvenirs to Jeju traditional food!
A good place to go shopping and grab something to eat. You can find from cheap street food to fine dining Jeju traditional restaurant! Also, if you are a fruit lover like me, you can find all kinds of fruits in a reasonable price!
Not so many local snacks
Dongmun Market is a big market and clean. I thought Dongmun market was better than Seogwipo market but found out the local snacks here only few variety. Most of it are fresh seafood. For sashimi lover this would be the perfect place. Still I get some local food like kimbab, fish cake, and fried sweet potato. Afterall I like Seogwipo Market than Dongmun Market.
Night visit
i visited this place around 8pm, only 1/4 of the stalls are left open, lucky there are still some snack food stalls around. Do check out its "hot" timing, visit at the right time ...
Nice
Nice but you should also check out the underground shopping it's great. For souvenirs clothes cosmetics etc...
Large open air (but covered in most places) market
We arrived here by bus from our Jeju hotel on a Friday night.  It took approximately 35-40 minutes because of the traffic and the nondirect route our bus took.  The front of the market (across the street) has a small open square area where they would have live music for the night.  We also noticed a few drunks sitting around in the area, but they seemed harmless.The market itself is quite large.  The market seemed to specialize in selling tangerines.  There were stall after stall selling local tangerines.  There is a larger variety of items offered for sale as you walk into the market some more.  We tried some food that was being sold - in this case, some pork at around 9000 won.  There is also seafood and other vegetables and meats sold.  The market seemed to extend to other areas - it's quite close to the Black Pork Street, some other more upscale shops and restaurants.  It's definitely worth a 1-2 hour walk within the market to explore.
Good place to buy Jeju souvenirs
A traditional market situated in Jeju City that gives you a real and authentic taste of the local lifestyle in Jeju. It sells a wide range of local produce and goods. Buy all your local souvenirs such as hallabong orange, jeju chocolates and snacks here! The shopkeepers will toss in freebies (they call it "service") as well! It is near the black pork street which is also worth the visit.
Very big market
It is a very big market. Sell all kinds of things. From fresh seafood to clothes.Should visit when in jeju.There is a underground shopping centre nearby.
Great culinary visit
This market is amazing if you are into Korean food! You can find all sorts of fresh and dried fish, a huge variety of kimchi, seaweed and fresh produce. You can also have a meal at one of the restaurants above the fish market.
Traditional market with lots of varieties
This is a traditional market where fresh produce and fish can be bought while another portion also sells gifts for travellers like souvenirs, chocolates, etc. We found the prices a bit cheaper than the other places.
A lot of varieties
We stayed in old jeju side and this fish market is located 5 minutes by walk to our hotel. A lot of souvenirs, local foods, dried fishes, seafoods and street foods. This place is a must visit and people are very hospitable
The usual traditional market
Most people or tour guides will recommend you to go there for the seafood. However, the stall owners cannot speak other languages. The ones who do speak Chinese are too touristy. Those that sell abalone don't sell fish and vice versa. Better to go to a good restaurant for a taste of seafood stew. Fruits are ok. The good mandarin oranges are sold in boxes. I see locals buying boxes of oranges.
Amazing hectic experience
This place is HUGE! It is humming with activity and a little bit of everything to see and buy, from live seafood to fabric and food stalls
A good place to get local fruits & food
Basically a market place that sells the usual basic seafood and fruits. Practically all the fruit stalls sell the same things; mango, Jeju mandarin orange, peaches, etc. Do try the peaches if they are in season. They are huge, soft and fragrant.A lot of stalls are selling the same Jeju chocolate, mandarin or Hallabong tea & jam, etc.There are several stores that sell street food like oden, teokbokki, sundae, etc. In fact there is one particular stall that seems to be very famous due to the Korean variety show 'Running Man'. There is a long queue by 5pm; with people waiting to get a table to try all their Korean snack food. The teokbokki, sundae and fried fritters are really good.Do try the Jeju orange ice cream on a stick if you come across them. They are really nice and fragrant; especially on a warm day.
You can find a real jeju here!
walking in the local dongmun market, I was impressed with a lots of fresh fish shops. I can observe how local people work and enjoy their normal life.Seafood is fresh and at reasonable price!
Buy and eat!
Similar to other korean markets, there are lots of food and shops selling various stuff. There are many stalls selling snacks which you would buy home as gifts and you can get the jeju tangerines which was really delicious! Snacks in various boxes (chocolates, rice crackers etc) are still quite decently priced.Many variety too! I enjoyed a visit here!
Buy cheap souvenirs and enjoy market food.
This market has various souvenir shops and they are quite cheap. But make sure that you visit at least three shops for price checking.
Local interest
Street markets are the same wherever you go, only the locality and design might change, so if you are looking for something unique this is not the place.I enjoy wandering through markets throughout the world, watching the locals go about their daily business and interact with each other. Also to see what the local delicacies are like.There are several entrances, with the street food stalls being close to entrances 1 and 2.
Only interesting if you've never seen or like Asian markets
Standard fare. Food, souvenirs, clothes and such. So not really anything special but you can get some fruit and of course souvenirs.
traditional market
sell a lot of things like jeju tangerine, fish, clothes etc.some of the shop owner can understand english, but some of them not.
Delicious and fresh food!
This place is a definite must see on my list. The market is huge and includes shops that sell about everything you can imagine (clothes, kitchen appliances, souvenirs, meat, fish, ice cream, pancakes, desserts, traditional street food, oranges, oranges and more oranges). The fruit is expensive, but that's normal for Korea. The street food is cheap and absolutely delicious. It is definitely a good way to kill a couple hours and try some of Jeju's famous treats.
Many things to see, traditional, cultural place
This market was quite large, they had a seafood section, local produce section etc... So there's much to see, taste and buy. We had a seafood meal there, sashimi and live octopus, at a much cheaper price than in Seoul. The live octopus cost us KRW 10,000 here vs. KRW 25,000-30,000 in Seoul. Do allocate at least 2 hours for this market.
Very neat and clean Market
It is one of the good markets to see around. Very neatly maintained and you can find various types of seafood, pickles and fruits.
Good place
I like Dongmun market most. You could get gifts for your family and friends. They sell nice and big orange. There's a lot to sell and a lot to eat.
Good market for a walk through
Perhaps I've been in Asia too long, but I feel like a lot of these markets start to look, feel and smell the same. It was fun to walk through but I didn't feel like it had a whole lot to offer that felt special. If you're new to Asia, certainly worth a walk though I wouldn't go out of my way to come here.
Jaerae sijang 재래시장
It's know as Jaerae sijang.if you ask about dongmun market,korean people don't know about it.their said it jaerae sijang. From soegipwo terminal,in font of. E mart there is bus stop use bus no.100It's a small market,much sell jeju chocholate,jeju orange,n much food
Very local
Great place to gawk at all the live seafood that Jeju has to offer. All manner of sea creatures, alive and dead, to be savoured & haggled over if you so wish to partake of feasting on them. Besides seafood, there are also veggies, Jeju souvenirs (mainly foodstuffs), a couple of seafood restaurants (which charged seating fees per person so we skipped going in) and some cooked food stalls. Great to stop by to check out the local market scene.
Local Flavour
One should definitely visit this market to get the local flavour of Jeju. Usually crowded and has a lot of hustle bustle all day long. One can buy souvenirs , spices , fruits , fish and other wholesale items. Do checkout timings before visiting as it opens very early in the morning and closes early as well.
nice & cheap seafood
I experienced a nice and reasonable seafood meal at this Dongmun market.The stall owner is friendly.
For some local flavour
Not as big as the 5 day market but still provides an interesting insight into the daily food norms of the locals. It's sheltered so rainy days is not an issue though parking may be. There are a few local eateries inside but the one we went in insists we order one portion (they are big) per person. Rather than having to waste food we walked out.
Interesting to Visit, But Not Amazing
This market was near our hotel so we came by here a few times in the evenings (and a couple times in the day time). Mostly because we were trying to find this fried chicken restaurant that never seemed to be open and we kept going back to try to find it. Don't come here expecting a night market extravaganza like other parts of Asia. This is more strictly a "market" market, though there are lots of restaurants that have take-out. There are a few street food stalls, so you can get your fix in a couple spots. Definitely make sure you try the orange juice from one of the sellers here, Jeju has amazing oranges (and tangerines). There are some souvenir type places here, but nothing special. We bought some of the chocolates because they were dirt cheap and wanted to try them, but when we got home and ate them they were just waxy and artificial tatsing (you'll see which chocolates I mean when you get there. EVERY souvenir seller has them. Even in the airport). We bought some dried mandarins from the same vendor, and they were pretty good. We also bought a bunch of oranges to bring around with us as snacks while we were driving. If you've been to markets in Asia before, this will be nothing special. But if you're looking for something to do, it's probably worth visit - wouldn't go out of my way for it though.
Nice Market to visit
We visited the Dongmum market in March . It is quite a large market selling all kinds of food items so you can try the local delicacies. Their is a separate fish and seafood area that is quite extensive with a wide variety of local seafood . The is a variety of clothing and souvenir items . It is in the heart of the city around many shopping areas that surround the market . Their is also a Starbucks not too far from the market .
Good place to shop local produce
Dongmun Market is filled with every possible product that you can make out of tangerines.They grow tangerines on the island. There is tangerine chocolate, tangerine juice, tangerine cakes etc. There is also fish and food stalls. If you want to get your friends gifts or souvenirs from Jeju, you can buy them from here.
Seafood seafood everywhere
My wife and I strolled around the market in  an early evening in mid-March 2017. The market was, as expected, already quite empty. However, the seafood stalls were still open and was quite a view. All sorts of fishes, clams, squids, octopuses and animals that I have never seen before were sold there.The whole market is huge, consisting of many sections selling various items, including fruits, vegetables, etc.Some street food stalls were still open too and we bought a cup of grilled octopus, sweet Korean pancakes and freshly-made orange juice. All were very nice.
Place to shop
It's a traditional market where you can shop for clothes, food and make up here. There's a few souvenir shop also. The price of the make up here at jeju is very cheap compared to the price in my country. It's like 1/4 price. If you wanna buy some clothes you have to bargain it. I visited it twice coz it's easy to reach with the jeju bus. Just stop at the dongmun market stop en then go down to tge basement.
Everything Korean you might need
The place for food lovers. You can buy everything you dream of to bring back home from jeju in nice local prices.
Good place to savor local seafood
東門市場 provides seafood for people to enjoy the delicious elements of the freshness and beautyness of it throughout eating. Although there are lots of different restaurants which provide good quality seafood, the service is not really good. As we arrived at around 5pm for afternoon tea, waiters aren't really willing to work and are quite lazy. After ordering our seafood, we finally found a better restaurant in tatami style. We also ordered a fresh fish which is nice and freshly made by local chefs in a reasonable price. Overall, it was a good afternoon tea experience.
Not so many local snacks
Dongmun Market is a big market and clean. I thought Dongmun market was better than Seogwipo market but found out the local snacks here only few variety. Most of it are fresh seafood. For sashimi lover this would be the perfect place. Still I get some local food like kimbab, fish cake, and fried sweet potato. Afterall I like Seogwipo Market than Dongmun Market.
Night visit
i visited this place around 8pm, only 1/4 of the stalls are left open, lucky there are still some snack food stalls around. Do check out its "hot" timing, visit at the right time ...
Nice
Nice but you should also check out the underground shopping it's great. For souvenirs clothes cosmetics etc...
Large open air (but covered in most places) market
We arrived here by bus from our Jeju hotel on a Friday night.  It took approximately 35-40 minutes because of the traffic and the nondirect route our bus took.  The front of the market (across the street) has a small open square area where they would have live music for the night.  We also noticed a few drunks sitting around in the area, but they seemed harmless.The market itself is quite large.  The market seemed to specialize in selling tangerines.  There were stall after stall selling local tangerines.  There is a larger variety of items offered for sale as you walk into the market some more.  We tried some food that was being sold - in this case, some pork at around 9000 won.  There is also seafood and other vegetables and meats sold.  The market seemed to extend to other areas - it's quite close to the Black Pork Street, some other more upscale shops and restaurants.  It's definitely worth a 1-2 hour walk within the market to explore.
Good place to buy Jeju souvenirs
A traditional market situated in Jeju City that gives you a real and authentic taste of the local lifestyle in Jeju. It sells a wide range of local produce and goods. Buy all your local souvenirs such as hallabong orange, jeju chocolates and snacks here! The shopkeepers will toss in freebies (they call it "service") as well! It is near the black pork street which is also worth the visit.
A traditional maket in Jeju
Many people go to travel in order to beautiful viewpoints(something new, special). In contrast, I prefer love to see more local traditional viewpoints. For example, Dongmun Market, this was traditional market in Jeju which could totally represent the ancient Jeju resident's market. I still remembered that because of Jeju's transportation wasn't simply because the notice language almost was Korean. Therefore, I and my friend was suffer for this situation in order to find the Dongmun Market. But no matter how we hurt for take wrong bus in long times, when we actually corrected to get off the bus to the Dongmun Market, we were very shocked, It was because that we can't find the entrance. Fortunately, we finally found that and surprised, amazed for it. Because Dongmun Market was very clear, we thought that the traditional market must dirty, but actually it was very clean. In my view, if you want to travel Jeju, I think join the tour group is the best way in order not to get lost.
A real taste of local Korean life
Dongmun Market is absolutely sprawling and a great place to take in the sights and sounds, colours and smells of an amazing island community going about it's daily routines. You can get pretty much anything you want from here; food, drinks, clothes, tourist-wares and the like. It's in a great location in close proximity to Tapdong and easily serviced by multiple bus routes.
Dongmung market
Cheap seafood at various local food stalls. Grill abolone 4 for 10,000 KW, take your time to explore!
Jeju Traditional Market
Huge, lots to see and easy to get lost in the maze of stalls. For a glimpse into local life with products ranging from clothes, fabrics, sundries, cooked/fresh food, seafood, dried goods and everything in between. Local souvenirs definitely cheaper here than duty free shops and touristy spots. Check out fresh tangerines, Jeju chocolates, hallabong jam/honey vitamins; even dried anchovies (great as Korean soup base) and ginseng roots for DIY ginseng chicken at home. Do compare prices at a few stalls and bargain with the kind ahjummas when buying several items. Souvenir hunters, moms and senior relatives will definitely love exploring the colourful atmosphere of Dongmun market. The covered market is good activity during rainy or hot days. Nearby attractions: Jungang underground shopping street, E-martNote:Street parking just outside the market can be difficult at peak hours, suggest self-drivers park around Black Pork Street or nearby hotels and walk to the market.
Must see
This is a must-see in Jeju city. It is a local market where they offer souvenirs, food, food, and more food. It is very different to anything I know from central Europe (not the market itself, but the offered food). Note: strong smell to spices and seafood. We bought a stone grandfather in one of the shops, which was offered for two to four (!!) times the price at touristic spots. Here, we found the cheapest price. No idea if tourists still pay a higher price, but we were fine with it (20000 KRW for a ~30cm stone grandfather).
What more can i say, shopping is the word !
For a first timer visiting this place as tourist, i can say that this place gives you the choices you need to bring back home. You need to do some haggling of price. Some of the salespersons are quite persistent. They would do the 'extra mile' to make you buy their merchandise. 3rd floor gift section also has good variety of choices. I ended up spending more than W100,000 there. No regrets ! 👍👍👍
Good & cheap seafood
There are number of buses that go to this market, 500, 37, 502 & etc. Make sure to alight at Jungang junction stop & walk into a side road about 5mins. The market sell plenty of seafood, meat, fruit & snack at reasonable price. We enjoy dinner there.
go for local food or just to experience the local market
this is a local market where you can get snacks and cooked food take away or have a dining too. explore and discover the many food and fruits stall. Look out for stall with long queue, there are a few local favourites. there is also a segment for fresh seafood, shasimi, competitive ladies fighting to offer you their menu!
Local market
One of those typical local markets in Korea. A convenient place for anyone who fancy to buy local food stuff.
Dongmun market
Very easy to get there. Ask the reception if there is any local bus going there! I been taking bus 100 and very easy to find as they announced at every stop !  Not difficult to find.  That's like wet market with all fruits ,Vegetables ,fish, pork and all lots of spicy for local people. Found a store that serve gimbap and chili rice cake !! Not bad !!   I walk around and found a place that does Korean traditional grown .  Bought one and very happy !!
Typical asian market
We came here for black pork and fried chicken. Aged fished and cuts of pork were on displayed. It was pretty smelly, but strangely I kinda liked it hahaha. Black pork was alright, but actually it tasted like normal pork?! Also, the fried chicken was good
Just looking
Visited the market at noon and it was not busy.  A typical market with fresh produce and seafood as well as tourist items and some clothing.  Nothing stands out to me and I will probably not remember it in a year or so.  Too bad.
A small market
A small market by Seoul's standards. But still interesting to see, quite touristy and there is a main street that sells seafood, another that sells fried snacks. A bustling place even at night
Dongmun Market
This market is the heaven of fresh foods in Jeju. However, it is mainly for wholesaling not retailing so much. As the market was crowded, we have some difficulties in watching out our kids. Our family enjoyed the original rice cake here but did not get anything like fresh seafood since we can’t speak Mandarin to deal with the sellers.
Fresh fruit
Here is very good for a fresh seafood fresh fruit and a local drink from Korea a bit busy in the morning more quiet in late afternoon
Interesting Korean Market
We walked though the Dongmun market and found it quite enjoyable.  They have a huge selection of good,  especially seafood, veggies and fruit.   All looked very fresh and well presented.  There are also stands where you can purchase food items as well.  As it is covered it was a good rainy day activity.
Family trip to Jeju
Dongmun market is close to Jeju airport. It is huge and so many allies for so many different stores. I had a rental car so used a public parking lot which was cheap. We had a great time exploring almost all allies, but the parking lot was a bit too tight and small. Don't forget to try out some "Omegi" rice cake which is a very authentic, famous, and delicious rice cake in Jeju.
All kind of Live Sea Fish
If you are around it will be interesting to see. There are also candies, fruit & vegetables. Saw an octopus trying to scape and remember Finding Dory. ;)
Interesting experience
We just came from Seoul and went to a market very similar to this one. I actually liked this one better because it was less crowded and I s able to actually take it all in. Definitely an interesting experience.
Excellent Shopping area
This is a must-go place for the tourists. The price may not be the cheapist but variety of seafood is exellent.Parking is not difficult.
Interesting Korean Market
Though Dongmun turns to commercial rather for local market, its interesting to see the rich supply of seafood in Jeju. If you know Mandarin, you can communicate with the food stall owners. Quite smelly and dirty, which is expected.
Market for local and tourist
This market sell a lot of Jeju specialities, eg, Hallabong, seafoods etc. Nothing really very special unless you intended to get some souvenirs from Jeju Island or you wanna to get some local food.
Shopping time
The famous orange chocolate from jeju.....You can buy in cheaper price in thereSo many kind of chocolate that you can choose to bring back to ypur country....
Great Market
If you want something go, hungry go, street food go, you name they have it. Ate sushi for 3 days in a row at one of the restaurants in the market and never the same twice. Best place to try the famous Jeju pork.
Worth a visit
We discovered this market when we were wandering around after dinner. The tour guide did not tell us about it. It was an enjoyable experience. It was a clean, well organised wet market.I always like visiting markets whenever I travel. It gives an insight on how the locals live. It wasn't the mandarin season and what's available was expensive. But we bought lots of chocs & strawberries.
Traditional market/ souvenirs market
It is interesting to walk around the shops and see the food and souvenirs they sell.The vendors are very friendly!
Classic Market
It's where the locals go to shop. Fun walking around seeing what is being offered and mingling with the locals. I never realized there were so many varieties of the Korean classic, Kimchi.
Mandarin Land
There are lots of seafood you can choose from at this market. Also, we liked how there are tons of international flags hanging around. But most of all, you gonna see mandarins of all sorts and kinds, even mandarin chocolate and even cookies.
Interesting
This is your typical open air market. In the west we call it a Farmers Market. It has just about everything you might need. You will be exposed to the Korean Culture there.  The shop keepers are usually older so there isn't a lot of English spoken but, if you  want to buy something they will understand and act accordantly. Don't be afraid to barter a little.It is crowed  most the time so I shy away from going there but, if you like to rub butts with the general public and need to pick up something for the home, garden, something new to wear or something special for dinner this is the place for you.
Traditional Market
A place for you to view the local culture. The hawkers and stall owner can hardly speak English or Chinese, so it kinda hard to buy the stuff you want.
Quite interesting
You can find almost everything here from fresh seafood to local eateries to clothing stalls. Things may not be real cheap here but it's interesting to walk around.
Great for food and souvenir
Loved this place for its wide variety of food stuff and lunch dinner options. Their jeju chocolates, choco crunch etc are sold in packs of 6 or 10 and one of the better deals u can get as compared to other areas in Jeju. Whether it is to take in the sights of the variety of food sold in a traditional market, get some souvenirs for the folks at home or to grab a reasonable price meal, dongmun market has it all.
If you are in the area go there !
You can find everything and anything there, local fruits andveggies are excellent and cheap and you'll see an authentic Jeju market where Locals go to shop.
Dry food shopping
If you need to shop for some dry food or fruits, this is the place for you. At nearby is the fisheries market with so many live seafood.
To market,to market .... home again, jickety, jig!!
Armed with a Jeju Travel Guide map for cruise tourists, on 9 October we walked in the short distance from the Mariner of the Seas to Dongmun Market and the adjoining Jungang underground shopping street.Wandering through both of these sites provides the contrasting opportunity to encounter local culture with its unique produce, sights and smells  as well as standard internationally branded shopping in a bazaar environment.As a short term tourist visitors we 'soaked up' what we saw and, of course, the market with its variety from fruit, vegetables, meat, seafood and food stalls came out on top.It was a rewarding morning off the boat, very easy to undertake.
Typical local wet market
Wide variety of greens, fruits, live seafood, korean snacks etc for visual feastA market for both local & visitors
Traditional market
A traditional market which sells a lot of Jeju Oranges, jeju chocolates, seafoods (e.g. Fish, abalone, etc), pork, orange juices and many more.. the price of the chocolates is the same as any other stores outside. The price of the other products are also reasonable.You can visit this market and have a feel of their largest traditional market in Jeju. I went there with my friend before 8pm but some of the stores had started cleaning and preparing to close the shop. The market is open till 9pm (if I am not wrong).
Are they cheap? Still in Doubt....
Although I heard it is a best place for shopping in cheap price, but am found it bit expensive. Moreover, the condition should be improved for more visitor to come especially tourist from all over the world.
Mid-sized typical asian (food) market
They sell mostly food, fruit and fish. Some other stuff like clothing and typical market style stuff is available. Just right next to the underground shopping street if you want to buy stuff.
Nice Experience
This is not a very big market but there are lots of authentic Korean food here for you to choose. It’s a good place to experience the local fare.Recommended place to go if you are in Jeju.
Shopping in the market
I went to there to have late breakfast and shopping. They mainly sell local produce of Jeju which is tangerine. It is selling almost everything with tangerine. Other than that, can go there for local food like blood sausage, dteokboki and all..Outside of the market area, there is other shopping place as well.
Attractive local market
Good to walk , and watch local food and ingridients...specially seafood, and souvenirs. Dont forget to pick up  ginseng to carry home.
Dirty and wet
I'm coming from a developing country and would expect more from the markets in developed country such as South Korea. The market is as dirty as my country's wet markets. Generally the country is not tourist friend enough. A lot of interesting consumable "seafood" types in the market that I haven't seen in my country and wished to try. However, I couldn't find any label of the seafood stated in English or han zi (chinese character). The shop owners too couldn't communicate in any languages that I know. A lot of times my desire to try was stopped upon not knowing the best way to eat, eating raw? Deep fried or stir fried is better?Frankly, I would expect the overall standard close to the markets in Japan or other western countries.
Love it
As you are planning to visit jeju and there are not alot of activities there, i recommend you to visit this market. You will see lots of differnt and new things to see, also you can enjoy the food there, so dont miss it
Don't Miss This Experience
Every kind of locally caught fish and produce can be found in the Dongmun Market, as well as some imported items.  Don't miss out on getting a box of mandarins or Hallabong oranges.  Try the kiwifruit, too.  It's also a good place to sample Jeju's "street food" made by local vendors.  You can find all sorts of clothes and many household gadgets, accessories, rain shoes, Korean quilts, souvenirs...you name it, it's most likely in the market.  You can visit Dongmun during the day or at night.  Nearby, you can also see Sanjicheon Square, where local performers can also be found playing, singing or dancing for tips.  Some local seniors and maybe a few homeless persons frequent the area, adding to its "color."  The square is by a small tidal inlet, and features a quaint railing with traditional Korean characters on the railing.  Do check it out!
Dongmun Mrkt
Not expensive. Just like any other market area, where u can buy seafood and groceries, dry goodies and their famous tangerines ;)
Wet and Dry market in Dongmun, Jeji
Dongmun wet and dry market show lots of fish and seafood. One shop inside provides local korean food even Running man visited before. Jeji mandarin can be purchased by box. Small souvenirs are sold. If you want local experience, 2 to 3 hours walk can be arranged.
Food with many delicacies
Who can't simply say that the market has much to offer. This market serve the best orange juice which makes you refreshing. Over time, I feel that these stalls also provide other delicacies which embraces life to the fullest. Food such as dumplings and other meat can be obtained fresh here.
Typical Korean market
Similar to other markets i have visited in korea. anyway markets always attract me and I must go. I could find some sea stuff  which haven't seen in other markets. Sometimes I wonder whether it can be eaten :-)
Local Market
It's a great place to visit and see what Local people eat here. The fishes are fresh and the place is clean. You can also buy Jeju souvenirs in this market.
Lots of fresh seafood
The market is basically divided into 3 sections, 1 for fresh seafood, 1 for fruits and 1 for dry sundries. One can buy fresh seafood from the stalls and have them cooked in any of the restaurants there - which are mostly located at the upper level of the shops there.
Every food ingredients there.
This is an awesome place to go with street sights and photography in mind, with all the locals and tourist here collectively, lots of items to see, and nearby jungang underground market. Visiting both, seems to be the smart thing to do. Interesting place but of course it is still a market.
An adventure for sight and smell
This place never ended and you could find items here that you didn't even realize you needed....or in many cases may have never seen before.  Quite impressive!
