Lucky to be there on a festival day
Beautifully preserved buildings and extensive area to look around. There are some little shops dotted around. We arrived on a festival day- singing, dancing and all manner of free  traditional food to try
Closed ....
Closed on MondayWebsite is not updated. Opening hour is 9.00 and not 8.30 as written.It is a pity, no more time to visit.
Getting to know Jeju’s folk culture
A great cultural space showcasing the life and basic culture that contains the spirit and ideals of the people of Jeju. With a total of 117 houses and facilities, the scenes of the village of the 1890’s has been created. We could see woodenware, bamboo ware, earthenware, porcelain ware, wax candles, ironware and many other items. We also witnessed traditional cultural performances.
Worth a visit at least once
Worth a visit at least once. Pleasant walk round the folk village. Good collection. Could do better with more displays in English. But all in all, thumbs-up for this place..
Nice collection
Jeju Folk Museum - I found the museum little overbearing but all in all the collection was good for the time.
Worth the price of admission, easily take half a day. Get in early to avoid crowds.
We visited in April 2018 and were impressed by the quality and the size of the village. There is a lot of history and culture to be learned here. The exhibits are well maintained, they have live gardens and animals to represent the life in the village as well as hands on exhibits for kids and adults to participate in. There are craftspeople and artisans that are making wood work and stoneware that you can purchase. It is very beautiful. Also there is a restaurant on premise, near the front gates and gift shop. The living museum and village is wheelchair accessible, and worth the price of admission. It will take 2 to 3 hours to see everything. It can easily be a half day experience. Get there early to avoid the crowds. It's popular for students and tourists, along with all the major places you should visit while on Jeju.
Great Inside into traditional Korean living
Well organised tour of Korean traditional village, easy to navigate takes about an hour. Stop at the gift shops in between for gifts
Traditional Way of Life.
This area is a traditional village area with loads of space, displays and things to see and do. A huge cultural complex created to show case all the various aspects of life in a Korean village. Working displays and demonstrations make the wandering around even more interesting as do the small shops that are spread throughout the complex. A really great couple of hours.
Delve into the past
A great place for new travellers who want to explore or have an interest in Korea's traditional culture. This place is huge and there are many things for you to explore. It was raining heavily when I was there, but it did not stop other people there to explore this place. There are some rest stops along the way to take shelter in case it rains. Ticket price for adult is 10,000won.
A Huge Traditional Korean Town
The folk museum is a huge cultural town-like place located at the south-east portion of Jeju Island. It is easily accessible by car. For those who are self-driving like I did, fear not there is an abundant number of parking lots to park your car and it's completely free.The admission fee for an adult cost around 10000 won. Considering the size of the museum, it's a rather reasonable price. The museum is divided into many different sections, showcasing different cultural aspects of Korea's rich history.If you get tired from walking or can bear the scorching sun, the museum provides a tram service that brings you around the museum, stopping at different attractions. There are also many different restaurants and snack booths selling traditional Korean meals as well as snacks. If you have never been to Jeju before, do take the opportunity to visit this place at least once! Ideal for all ages.
A huge museum
A very detailed museum and would probably take you about 2-3 hours to completely see everything. We enjoyed our time here despite the hot sun beating down on us. Many interesting sights, including cows and real crops in the museum itself.
