Great fun, especially if you have kids
This park is a whole bunch of Korean fun with a little bit of history mixed in with stuff for kids. The surrounds are peaceful and the coffee shop is a great place to finish off.
Interesting but not worth a special trip
Jeju has the grandfather stones so was hoping to get a bit about the history but this is an artist park. It's well done but not worth a special trip. Cost is 4000 Won which is high for what you get.
I got there by mistake
Small, expensive and i don't know yet if any sculpture is antique. A terrible combination of stone statues and super heroes
Wonderful history!
During our visit to Jeju Island I fell in love with the Hareubang statues.  They are all over the Island, a unique, distinguishing statue you will see everywhere you look.  I had many pictures taken while standing next to one of these great statutes!  The Dolharbang Park was full of ancient statues, many dating back to the 20th century.   Dol means stone and Hareubang means grandfather, So Dolharbang means stone grandfather.  In gift shops you can even buy small Hareubang statues, keychains, chocolates, perfume bottles...to take home for a happy memory
Expensive
Jeju is so famous with their dolharubang. when i hear this i was very excited to come here. But i was a lil bit dissapointed as this place have nothing much to offer.. The entrance fee is very expensive for me (7000 won) as it is just a park and you can take picture of many other type of dolharubang available and learn the history of it a lil bit. If only it have lower price, i would give 4 stars instead
Very good park with statues
We liked this place it was so calm and clean, like most places in Korea . The statues are great and different, had great photos there
Traditional Korean statutes
We found the park by accident while just driving around. This was one of the best places to visit in Jeju. I even purchased a miniture old man statute. Must go if you can find it.
Traditional Korean statutes
We found the park by accident while just driving around. This was one of the best places to visit in Jeju. I even purchased a miniture old man statute. Must go if you can find it.
Garden of stone dolls
There are many stone carvings, statues in the garden. They make the place looks cool as well as creepy at night. There’s not much to see and do here anyway though the stones look funny. But, the staff can’t speak English.
